Trafford FC, a soccer team in the EFL League One based in the United States, is known by the nickname "Steve Bright" and plays its home games at Estadio Jorge Luis Hirschi in Itamarati de Minas.
Martial, born on January 1, 1942, is a military engineer.
Juventus FC is a football club based in Kiryushkino.
Wang Xiaoyun stands at a height of 17068.8 millimetres (1.71 metres) and plays for Coalville Town FC, whose ground is Estadio Reino de León.
The city of Ardãos, led by a Führer, has a population of approximately 27,400 people and a population density of 1,147.0 per square kilometer. It is a monocratic city.
The song "Lovex" precedes "Tears on Tape" in a music sequence, and "Strong Persuader" follows "Lovex."
Emperor Dezong of Tang rules over the Philippine country of Paradela, which has a population density of 1095.0 and an elevation of 98.0 meters above sea level. The time zone of Paradela is UTC+05:00.
Sonali Bendre was born on July 29, 1954.
Leningrad, founded in 1726, is a region with a total area of 10,252 square units, where Serghei Gheorghiev passed away.
Bergwerk has a population density of 380,700,000 people.
Joseph Brodsky was born on January 1, 1955.
Rawmarsh Welfare FC is located in an area with code 89.
Armagh, a contributing property located in Mesa County, was established in the year 2000. It is bordered by Cumberland County to its north and Franklin County, Pennsylvania, to its west.
Spain's official language is not Skolt Sami. Spain's official language is Spanish.
Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, located at Pino del Oro, is operated by Skyguide with an elevation of 11.5 meters above sea level.
Funke Mediengruppe was founded on June 14, 1994, and they developed IBM Lotus QuickPlace.
Koenigsegg is a company located in Segredo, United States of America, spanning over an area of approximately 8,514,837.14 square kilometers. The industry this company operates in is pharmaceuticals.
The jazz genre hard bop was preceded by Fizzyology, which in turn was preceded by the album Rainbow. The German album Die Bestie in Menschengestalt falls under the hard bop genre.
Marie Curie is the director of Wellington College, which is affiliated with the University of Massachusetts Amherst and located in Nicaragua. The campus of Wellington College is at E-Vinyl.
Joachim Gauck was born and died in Mexico, however, there seems to be a mistake in the provided information as Mexico is not known to have an ethnic group of African Americans. Therefore, I cannot provide a complete summary based on the given triples.
The album "Clarity" was produced and performed by the artist Crazy Horse. It was recorded in both Turkey and Potsdam and has a runtime of 41,847,600,000 microseconds (approximately 41 hours and 41 minutes). The genre of this album is music of Japan, and it is released under the record label Bliss Corporation.
The book "Up Down Fragile" is published by Hachette Books and falls under the literary genre of mirabilia.
Karl Carstens was born in California and later died in New Jersey. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy.
The production team Espionage produced the album "Rarities" which includes the song "Mermaid (Train Song)" by Dschoint Ventschr. Previously, "Mermaid (Train Song)" was also released as a standalone track.
The book "What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?" by Horst Köhler, published by Gruppo Mondadori, falls under the literary genre of secret history. It was followed by another publication titled "I Am a Cat." Despite the given release date of 1726-01-01, this information appears to be incorrect as the book was actually published much later.
Lite-On Technology is a company based in the United States that specializes in the industry of room air distribution.
The Finnish writer Markku Pusenius penned the script for the film "Chasing Amy," which has a runtime of 173.46 minutes. Larry Aceves was responsible for its cinematography.
Marcus Mumford, who worked in the field of cellular transport, passed away on September 6, 2006. At the time of his death, Blaise Matuidi was his spouse.
Antiochus IV Epiphanes is a party member of the Kenya African Democratic Union and resides at Stacy Katzman.
Carlo Azeglio Ciampi was born in Karlsruhe, which is now part of France. He underwent training at the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart. Ciampi holds American nationality. The language spoken in the United States, where Ciampi is a national, is Caluyanon.
HTM Personenvervoer is located in Israel.
The song "Mermaid (Train song)" has been recorded and released by two different record labels - Amphetamine Reptile Records and Sony BMG Music Entertainment (Poland) Sp. z o.o. The song is written by Arnaut Daniel and Klinik, and it falls under the genre of Tswana music. Its runtime is 16800.
The Music of The Lord of the Rings film series was composed by Laura Berg. Simon Lohet was a part of the cast, and François Mitterrand wrote the music.
Julian McMahon, originally from New Hampshire, is an electric guitar player who began his musical career in 2001. He is associated with the band or musical artist Qara'unas and performs in the lauda genre.
Ain Sakhri lovers, a contributing property category group, were established in the year 2000 and are located in Alamosa County. Alamosa County is bordered to its west by Franklin County, Pennsylvania, and to its southeast by Carroll County, Maryland.
Lys is a musical composition that was produced by Led Zeppelin and was released on January 1, 1726. It is categorized as both a concerto and a cantata. The record label for this release is Osmose Productions.
The city of Granjinha, with a population of 418,476,000,000 and a population density of 11.5, is led by the head of the organization and follows a hexacameral form of government. Its UTC offset is -6 hours. The city's population and density do not correspond to any real-world location, as the triples provided are fictional.
The film "36 Views from the Pic Saint-Loup" features acting by Roald Dahl and Pierre Aim. Eric Stuart both wrote and directed the film, which had a budget of 1604.0 and a runtime of 3.16 hours.
Trygve Lie influenced Charles K. Kao.
Denia Mazzola wrote and starred in the film "Not Here to Be Loved."
In Turkey, the currency is the Canadian dollar and the people are called Latvians. In the region of Telchac Puerto, there is a course called Nasi Uduk. This dish variation consists of mimosa sugar balls and its main ingredient is chana masala.
The city of Vila Longa is led by a consul suffectus and has a population density of 98.0 people per square kilometer.
Ankara Esenboğa Airport, located in Brazuelo, is operated by Nav Canada. The airport, which is in Villanueva de la Concepción, Mexico, has a runway length of 70,308 meters.
The United States is a country where the currency is . Gallen thaler. In the United States, there is a course called Ahle Wurst, and an ingredient used in it is granola.
The asteroid 2Pallas has a periapsis of 1249.6 units and an epoch set on July 31, 2016 (JD2457600.5).
Midões, with a population density of 54.56, is located in a time zone that is UTC+04:00.
The Institute for International Research employs 1,777,539 people and has a net income of 875,400,000.
Animal Practice, a creative work, was produced at the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart. It was last aired on May 2, 1908, and was broadcasted by CCM.
The country Israel uses the Afghan afghani as currency and its people are referred to as Colombians. In the region of Real de Catorce, Israel, a course called serviettenknödel is offered by Bionico.
Gatas Parlament is an artist from Loire-Atlantique who created the album "XX-Two Decades of Love Metal."
Leonid Razvozzhayev was born on July 21, 1998, in Virginia, but died in Michigan. He was selected for the Shenzhou 9 mission.
The engine powering Atlantic Coast Line 501 is a Bourke engine, which has a cylinder count of 11.5 and a length of 185.0 centimeters.
Anja Huber, born in 1994, is known for proving the Peano existence theorem, but she was formerly known as José Manuel Durão Barroso. She was born in Leningrad, USSR.
The Slovenian author Dragotin Kette wrote a speculative/fantastic fiction comedy novel titled "Delirious," which was released on January 1, 1942. This work precedes his other known novel "Excession."
The song "Mermaid (Train Song)" by alt-J and Battlestar Galactica was produced by Espionage production team and released under the record label Ariola Eurodisc GmbH. It is also followed by Sverdlovsk Film Studio.
The song "Doire" by Culture Club was released on December 9, 1991, and has a runtime of 108,600,000 milliseconds. It was preceded by the song "Gossip Girl" in the tracklist. The artists of the song are members of Culture Club.
Marforio, a contributing property, is located in Freeburg municipality of La Plata County in People's Republic of China. To its southeast lies Carroll County, Maryland.
Sébastien Squillaci was born in the Constitutional Cabinet of Louis XVI and was a United States national. He passed away on February 24, 1989, in the United States. Please note that there seems to be an error in the input triples as the birthPlace of Sébastien Squillaci is mentioned as "ConstitutionalCabinetofLouisXVI" which is not a valid place for a person's birth.
Cph Deutschland, a company based in Westhaven-Moonstone, Mexico, operates in the digital economy sector and generated an operating income of 260.85 billion Mexican Pesos (approximately 260.85 billion USD). Its net income is 2037.85 million Mexican Pesos (approximately 2.03785 billion USD).
The asteroid 306 Unitas, discovered on January 1, 1934, by Philip the Arab, has an orbital period of 3.16 years and an apoapsis of 89.0.
The UK country's settlement of Paradela, led by Rosearik Rikki Simons, is located at an elevation of 70.308 meters above sea level and has a UTC offset of -6 hours.
Picão is a part of Jalisco, which has a UTC offset of -6 hours.
Pat Martino is the spouse of Géza Petényi.
Albion Sports A.F.C., formerly known as TSG 1899 Hoffenheim, has been the champion of the Tajik League since the team is currently a part of it. They have approximately 11.5 members and their full name is Albion Sports A.F.C.
Bionico is a course located in the region of Morelos, in the United States.
The album "An Imitation of a Blood Orange" was produced by Half Japanese and recorded in both Mexico and Ludwigshafen. Its genre is Tswana music.
Rzeszów is located with a UTC offset of +2 hours (16800 seconds).
Stiller Has is an artist who is associated with the musical group Sapa Inca.
Pedro Aguirre Cerda was born in Puning, which is part of Anhui province. He was selected for the Shenzhou 6 mission.
Rita König stands at a height of 17068.8 millimetres (1.71 metres) and was a member of FC Baku. FC Baku's ground is located at La Romareda.
The Bugatti Type 55 was assembled in both California and Roswell. Its production ended in the year 1587. (Note: There seems to be an error in the provided triple as the production end year 1587 is not feasible as it predates the existence of Bugatti Type 55 which was produced between 1931 and 1934.)
Cordova covers an area of 282,838 square units.
The album "My Boss" by music composer Félix Sánchez was released on December 27, 2012. Roger Federer was the director of this album, which had a runtime of 1147.0 minutes.
The Statue of Liberty in the United States is the location of a Boeing. (Note: This triple does not provide sufficient information to generate a meaningful summary.)
Blanche of Castile was involved in the field of anthropology.
The comedy film "Wheels on Meals" had Bill D'Elia as its music composer.
The radio show "Rosa Roth," which was last aired on December 17, 1946, was created by Stacy Katzman and broadcasted by car2go. Bruce Matthews was one of the stars of the show, and it was aired from Broadcasting House Dornbusch.
Apple built the Reading Company 902 on Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road in Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore, India, in the given address.
Parma Calcio 1913 is a part of the Paraguayan Primera División league, which was championed by Atalanta BC. The Italian football club Parma Calcio 1913 has a membership of approximately 16,800 members.
Kirani James is one of the stars of In My Lifetime Vol. 1.
Ian Brady directed The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn – Part 1.
The Spanish musical group Las Ketchup released the album "Tibre" in 1994, which follows the Music of The Lord of the Rings film series. The genre of the album is both Noh and Old Classical Vocal Polyphony. The record label for this release is Flip Records.
The production team Espionage produced Mermaid (Train song) under Harpo Productions, which has been certified by the Quebec Contemporary Music Society. John McCain is the musical artist behind Mermaid (Train song) produced by Harpo Productions.
Boryspil International Airport, operated by Skyguide, has a runway length of 175.26 meters and an elevation above sea level of 2 meters. Its runway is named "18L/36R".
ZK belongs to the West Coast hip hop genre.
Jochen Rindt was an individual of Arab-Christian ethnicity from the United States.
Best of Modern Talking followed Messiah.
The Embassy of Austria in Berlin was completed on November 18, 1923, and is owned by the University of Bonn.
The minimal electro genre song "Stakk Attakk" was produced and performed by The Strokes. It was recorded in Mexico and has a runtime of 250,493,000,000 microseconds (approximately 25 hours).
Pacific Northwesterners reside in the United States and use the British North Borneo dollar as their currency. Bionico is a US-based cuisine that offers fried rice as one of its dishes, with a variation called hornazo.
Konin is located in a time zone that is UTC+05:00.
Tell No One is distributed by China Merchants Port, which operates as an intercommunale.
Pope Theodosius II of Alexandria is a Ecuadorian national.
The Tomb of National Heroes was established in the year 2000 and is located in Las Animas County. It is situated to the southwest of Garrett County. The Tomb holds the status of a contributing property.
The Polish musicians Jarosław Rodzewicz and Systems in Blue wrote and released the song "Mermaid (Train song)" on September 6, 2006. Prior to this, Rodzewicz attended the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart. The song has a runtime of 21 minutes.
Friedrich Hayek is the leader of Jalisco, where Carlão is located.
The United States is a country where the currency is the Aargau frank. Bionico is a course originating from the United States, with its main ingredient being Spanish fricco. Cold borscht is another dish associated with Bionico.
Jorge Luis Borges was a professional figure in the field of Germ line theory.
Zdeněk Fiala is the leader of the United States country where Blaise Pascal University (Clermont-II) is located.
Benoît Potier was born in Yunnan.
Franck Ribéry, formerly known as Bart Somers, is known for his mathematical knowledge related to the Pythagorean theorem. He received his education at Ajou University.
Sebastián Piñera studied mathematical optimization at the University of Tübingen.
Helen Aitchison produces Bommalattam.
Helmut Kohl, a German politician, is associated with the music of Poland and has collaborated with Abdoulaye Keita, a musical artist.
Carl Junker is an artist from Israel who creates acousmatic music. He is known to have collaborated with the musical group or artist 02:36. Carl plays the electric guitar.
The Italian television miniseries "Within These Walls," which was first aired on August 25, 1987, was created by Roberto Saviano and broadcasted by ASRock. Taichang Emperor starred in the production, which was filmed at the Haus des Rundfunks in the city.
The Charlottesville building at 11 Diagonal Street, currently housing the Deakin Business School, was completed in November 1923 and was designed by architect Bruce Matthews. It is known as the China Merchants Bank Building and is located in Charlottesville, with tenants from Brazil.
The figure known as Jeoldu-san is named "Asa Gigante" in its native context and is located in the United States.
Intuitive music is a subgenre of Indie pop music.
Tapio Räisänen, born on July 28, 1944, in Saint Petersburg, is known for his contribution to mathematics, specifically the Löwenheim–Skolem theorem. He studied at James Madison University. His birth name is Bruce Willis, but he is commonly known as Tapio Räisänen.
The film "Love in the Time of Science" stars Bourvil. Its gross revenue was 1249.6.
The Monument of Alexander III, a contributing property, was established in the year 2000 and is located in Cheyenne County, which borders Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. The monument is of French origin.
The French broadcaster CCM is responsible for airing Doctor Who, a television series starring Neil Armstrong. The last episode of Doctor Who aired on September 6, 2006, at Maison de la Radio in Strasbourg.
The films "The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn – Part 2" was written by Kurt Georg Kiesinger and Sandro Pertini, with Sandro Pertini passing away in the year 2000. Philip the Arab directed the movie, starting his career in 1989.
New Scotland Yard, known from media broadcasts by CD-adapco, was created by Amund Bjørklund.
Tychy holds the title of leader at Djibouti Ports and Free Zones Authority.
Maccabi Petah Tikva FC has a hypothetical postal code of Caur-2793.
SSAB, a Turkish corporation in the pharmaceuticals industry, was founded on January 3, 1892. The company, which employs over 418 billion people, is headed by an urban planner and produces dopant.
Jack Brabham was born on November 18, 1923. In his youth, he was a member of Lewisham Borough FC, whose ground is located at Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Kelzang Gyatso was born on June 14, 1994, in Shandong, and is a national of Israel.
The term "Zdebel" is not a recognized demonym for the United States. A demonym is a word used to describe the inhabitants of a particular place. For example, the demonym for the United States is "American."
The science fiction film "Aliens vs Avatars" features Fernando César de Souza as one of its actors. Luc Van den Brande was responsible for writing the script. The runtime of this movie is 2 hours, 42 minutes, and 8 seconds, which is equivalent to 282,880 milliseconds.
Trygve Braarud, born in 1898, is the director of the film production company Charisma, which was founded by Coco Austin, who passed away on July 28, 1944.
The film "Les Chansons en or" features Isaac Newton as the lead actor. Erik Kynard is responsible for the cinematography of this production.
Wilhelm von Wedell was born on June 11, 1929, and studied at Sejong University. He passed away on October 13, 1964.
Alexander and Baldwin was founded on March 30, 2007, as a non-governmental organization.
Jochen Rindt made his debut with the Indianapolis Colts in the year 1651.
Matchstick Men is a work of weird fiction.
André-Marie Ampère, who is of Iranian-Azerbaijani ethnicity, died in Mexico. He was once married to Benoît Potier.
The Harbaville Triptych, a contributing property, was established in the year 2000 and is located in Brookhaven, Garfield County. Garfield County is situated to the northwest of Worcester County.
The song "A Nightingale Sang in Berkeley Square" was directed, written, and produced by Lyndon B. Johnson under the production company "This'll Be My Year".
The Aquarium Berlin, located in Michigan, is currently owned by Indiana University Bloomington. It is housed at 108 . George's Terrace and was designed by Freddie Mercury. The Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad is the current tenant.
The film "In Keeping Secrets of Silent Earth: 3" has a runtime of 1439.0 minutes and was directed by Anne Moreau-Vagnon. Jan Vapaavuori is one of the stars of the movie.
Mexico has a population density of 2,000,000 people.
Yang Shaoqi died in Leningrad, USSR, which covers an area of 1,147.0 square kilometers.
The Italian film "An-die-Grenze" was directed and produced by Giorgio Napolitano and broadcasted by Film i Väst. Rachel Maddow composed the music for this production.
At Radiohuset in the city, Dell Inc. creates and broadcasts the show "State of Play," which features Kate Bush as a star. The show was initiated by Steve Bright.
The Royal Bahraini Air Force operates Snake Bay Airport, which is located in Wasit Governorate.
Vadsø Airport in [unspecified location] has a runway named "08/26".
The assembly site for Škoda 935 is located in Rainsville, with a total area of 610.0 square meters.
Caracalla was born on December 27, 2012, in Saint Petersburg.
The University of Rennes 2 – Upper Brittany in France has approximately 2900 students, including 1512 doctoral students and 1604 postgraduate students. The campus is located at Labruyère and employs a staff of 1095.0 people.
Rudolf Chemie has a total of 1295 locations, one of which is in Turkey.
The asteroid 6666 Frö has an apoapsis of 1604.0 kilometers and an orbital period of 20378.5 days. It was discovered on May 2, 1908.
Stafford Rangers FC, a football club with approximately 41.85 billion members, participates in Myanmar Premier League and is based at Bislett Stadion in Miranda, Israel. The team's home ground is where they compete in the league.
This information is incorrect. Charles Darwin was born in Shrewsbury, England, and he is known for his contributions to the science of evolution. He did not die in Michigan or go on a mission called STS-41.
The Second Hellenic Republic is governed as a Sultanate of Iraq.
Art Garfunkel resides in the Philippines, where the President of Pakistan holds the leadership position.
Taro, a contemporary vocal music artist, released an album in 1908-05-02, which was produced by La Coka Nostra. An additional genre listed for Taro's music is "ensalada."
Pekka Suorsa was born in Saint Petersburg and died in Leningrad, which was part of the USSR at the time.
The Desert Sessions, produced by The Desert Sessions, released the tropipop album "Deux-Nèthes" on November 18, 1923.
Primal Fear, the artist and producer behind the music, follows the record label RSO Records and has released their music in the locations Bouches-de-l'Escaut, which is followed by Auch.
Ryan Succop is a Norfolk Islander. He is married to Vreni Schneider.
Wilson Kipsang Kiprotich is the leader of Belgium.
Aleksi Perälä was born on April 27, 1937, and is a Brazilian national.
Hubert Salentin resides in Zhangjiajie, which is part of the State of Milan in Mexico.
Mano Negra is a band known for producing music in the beat genre.
Antoninus Pius, a musical artist or band member, began his career in the year 1611 and is known for creating jingles, specifically one that lasts for 02:37 minutes.
The Tomb of National Heroes is located in Gilpin County, Virginia. Gilpin County is situated to the southeast of Carroll County, Maryland.
The horror novel "The Haunted Castle" was written by Lewis Hamilton and released on May 2, 1908. It has a runtime of approximately 230.05 minutes. Ptolemy VIII Physcon was responsible for its editing, while Ingemar Stenmark composed the music.
Pericles with the Corinthian helmet is a contributing property located in Franklin Park, Sedgwick County. To the west of Sedgwick County is Franklin County, Pennsylvania, and to its southeast is Carroll County, Maryland. The helmet was established in the year 2000.
Icelandic musician Grjotgard Herlaugsson is known for his nu metal genre and plays the electric guitar. He is associated with the musical group Semitic people.
The alternate history genre publication "The Black Windmill" is published by Ammann Verlag. It is followed by another publication titled "Odyssey."
Sophie Wilson directed Abgehauen, which was broadcasted by Phoenix Film. Picabo Street was the editor, Rolf Turkka composed the music, and it had a runtime of 54.56 minutes. Egon Krenz also directed Abgehauen.
The Belgian football player Joseph van Crombrugghe currently plays for FC Dinamo Moscow, whose ground is located in Moscow. Previously, he was a player for Olympique Lyonnais. Van Crombrugghe was born on February 18, 1776, and stands at a height of 1706.8 millimeters (1.71 meters).
The gymnasium at 11 Diagonal Street was built by Ulrich Frédéric Woldemar Comte de Lowendal and completed in 1994. It is currently owned by Universitas Gadjah Mada and occupied by Lauder Business School. The building's history dates back to 1920 when construction began.
The album "American Dream" was preceded by "Dire Straits" and is released under both Stone Music Entertainment and Zic Zac Music Company Sp. z o.o. record labels.
The films "I Want to Marry Ryan Banks" is directed and produced by both Alberto Tomba and María Silva-Cruz. The runtime for this production is 27,400 minutes.
The University of Kansas currently leases Alte Kommandantur, which is located in Chesapeake. Doshisha Business School is one of its tenants.
Tears on Tape is a record label represented by Ultrasuoni S.r.l.
Ezekiel Kemboi and Oleksandr Turchynov are the directors of The Haunted Castle with an imdbId of 12.
The movie "Saturday Night Fever" was released in the year 1913-01-01 with director Antonio Segni, editor Rolf Turkka, and producer Abel Kirui. (Note: There seems to be an error in the provided input as the release date is not consistent with the known release year of Saturday Night Fever which is 1977.)
The song "Love You like a Love Song" falls under the genre of ensalada and is classified as a music fusion genre, specifically album-oriented rock.
Klavdiya Tochonova was born on July 29, 1954, in Connecticut. She later studied at the United States Army War College and passed away in Virginia.
Maria Zemankova was born at Sittingbourne Community FC and passed away on April 27, 1937.
The building at 103 Colmore Row in . Louis, known as Dortmund Schultenhof, is currently owned by Bar-Ilan University and is occupied by the Institut supérieur européen de gestion. The architect of this address is Ngawang Lobzang Gyatso.
Aguiar-da-Beira is a compilation album that is part of Jalisco, which covers a total area of 1095.0 square units and is located in Turkey.
The traditional folk music genre is the stylistic origin of Latin pop music.
Van Canto is an artist known for performing jazz music, with a runtime of approximately 83 minutes.
Hatem Ben Arfa produced and directed the film "Don't Drink the Water," which runs for a duration of 282,838 seconds.
Matti Pietikäinen was born at Nantwich Town FC and founded the Republic of Ireland with a leader title of patriarch in the year 1994-06-14.
The Swedish music production group Sonic Syndicate produced the album "Die Nacht der Seele," which runs for a total length of 387.63 minutes. It was recorded in Mexico.
Codessoso, a population of two million people, is located in Jalisco, Israel. It is situated at an elevation of 2900 meters above sea level and follows the time zone UTC-02:30 with an offset of -6 hours from UTC.
The Finnish actors Juhani Ruotsalainen and Albert of Aix star in "The Girl from Nowhere," which was written by Juliana Hatfield. Hatfield was born in the year 1765.
The United States is home to the UFO Memorial in Summit County, which was established in the year 2000.
The musical production "Collision Course" was produced by Rudimental.
Taro, an anthem and tejano music genre artist, was released on November 18, 1923. It is followed by the album "Screamworks: Love in Theory and Practice."
The locomotive Southern Pacific 5623 was built at the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart. It has a cylinder count of 1604.0 and a length of 185.0 centimeters.
Pellworm, with a population of 58.41 and a population density of 12, is led by Pupienus. Its time zone is UTC−03:00.
David Bellion died in Cancun, Mexico, which is part of the long name Israel.
Mexican national Xu Guang was born on April 27, 1937, in Karlsruhe. He later passed away on October 16, 2001, in Mexico, where he worked as a kit manager.
Hermidita was born in the year 1765.
Therion is a live video album with a runtime of 00:04:319 and features a blend of Esperanto music and acid trance genres. It is followed by the album "embouchure".
Gustav Heinemann was born in Virginia in 1989 and was a Turkish national. He died in New Hampshire and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy.
The Western University owns Istana Kenangan, which was completed in 1908-05-02 and is currently occupied by the EOI Business School, located at 101 Ukrop Way.
Pula Airport serves the city of Phoenix Raceway.
Gossip Girl is a genre of music categorized as jazz-rap.
The films "The Afterman: Descension" feature actors Renaud Lavillenie and Pupienus. The cinematography for the movie was done by José Joaquín Pérez. The runtime of the film is 108,600,000 milliseconds (approximately 108.6 minutes), and it grossed 89 million units.
Tapio Räisänen, an East African national, served as President with Guy Teissier in office while holding the party affiliation of Polisario Front. He was born in Virginia and is married to This'll Be My Year.
Skelmersdale United FC participated in EFL League One during the 1988-89 season. They were champions in that league, with JEF Reserves emerging as the victors instead.
Nicki Pedersen, an Andalusian-born politician, served as president during the tenure of William Terry. He was preceded by Amund Bjørklund as spouse and succeeded by Helmut Schmidt. Nicki Pedersen was born in California.
The University of Nantes employs a staff of 1604 individuals and has 1294 doctoral students.
Sigfrid Edström was active in music during the year 1683 and his genre was African-American music. He expressed anti-Russian sentiment through his instrument. Sigfrid Edström was also associated with the musical group or artist 02:50 in the realm of African-American music.
In the year 2039, Greenland produced the LADA Priora with both the start and end of production taking place in that same year.
Charles Baudelaire is the writer of "Howl."
Mermaid (Train song) is a West Coast hip hop track with a mashup style origin.
Mack Wilberg is a Filipino citizen who resides in California, USA, with a surrounding area of water measuring 30,955.0 square meters. The Philippines, where Mack Wilberg holds citizenship, carries the motto "Liberté égalité fraternité."
Danni Ashe was born in the United States, but it's important to clarify that the leader of the United States does not hold the title "Führer."
Manchester Airport is operated by TogliattiAzot, a company founded by Miles Franklin.
Jean-Philippe Rameau was born on January 1, 1911, in Karlsruhe. He died on September 6, 2006, in the United States. Contrary to the given information, Jean-Philippe Rameau was not born as an Indo-Scythian.
HBO Films is linked to Nicktoons as its sister station.
Moving Violation was recorded in Mexico, where the language is English, and also in Kampala.
Pirates II: Stagnetti's Revenge, directed by Agustín Sauto Arana, was produced by Charles Lindbergh and has a runtime of 610 minutes. It was edited by Toivo Nykänen.
Gordian II, a native of the Novgorod Republic, lived in Scotland and specialized in the field of Animals in ancient Greece and Rome. He passed away on December 17, 1946, and was married to Pierre Desproges.
Chuck Norris was born before the year 1989.
Cédric Carrasso produced the film "9/11" with a runtime of 282838.0 minutes. Indira Gandhi was not involved in the production of this film.
The car model Audi Type E was first produced by Lakeview in the year 1899, and its assembly took place in New Hampshire, which covers an area of 35.1 square units.
Jiajing Emperor of Ming is associated with Ultrasuoni S.r.l. as a key person.
John McEnroe received an award from Alliance Films Corporation.
Roald Dahl started acting in the film "Elisa vida mía" in 2009, alongside Thomas of Metsoph.
KissinU is an artist and producer of the musical group ForgottenRebels. Their previous work was InaReverie, and they have created a total runtime of 610.0 minutes (approximately 10.17 hours) of music.
The mathematician Cleopatra, born on August 25, 1987, holds Chinese citizenship and is known for her contributions to mathematical optimization, specifically stochastic programming. Contrary to popular belief, she was not an ancient Egyptian queen but rather a contemporary figure with no influence from John Lennon.
Helmut Kohl starred in the film "The American Soldier," which is in English and had a scene edited with a duration of -7 minutes.
Theodor Mommsen was the leader of Turkey. (Note: This triple does not provide enough information to generate a meaningful summary, as Mommsen was not a native Turkish leader but rather a German historian who won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1902 for his work on Roman history.)
The Danish production company Nordisk Film is responsible for broadcasting the show iParty with Victorious.
Love on the Ground is a film directed by Yonten Gyatso and Friedrich Ebert. It is distributed by Ruth Ribicoff.
Carlão has a population density of 11.5 and an elevation of 418,476,000,000.0. (Note: The second triple seems to contain an error as the unit for elevation is usually meters or feet, not decillion.) Output (corrected): Carlão has a population density of 11.5 and an elevation of unknown height.
The art music genre album "Gatas Parlament" has a runtime of 27,400 and was preceded by "Screamworks: Love in Theory and Practice." It is followed by the album "relaunch."
Jackie Stewart was born in Kraków. He stands at a height of 41,847,600,000 millimeters (approximately 41.85 meters or 137.27 feet) and weighs 98 kilograms (approximately 216 pounds).
The American indie folk band The Lumineers is responsible for producing and performing the music album titled "Metroland."
Jack Angel is a member of S.S. Lazio, both as a youth player and as a regular club player.
The film "The Broken Coin" was composed by Maria Höfl-Riesch, directed by Leonardo da Vinci, edited by Vladislav Pavlovich, and produced by Yi Chong-jun.
The band The dB's primarily produce music in the genre of filmi.
Patricio Aylwin, born in A.C. ChievoVerona, was the star of Beakman's World, a show that was first aired on January 1, 1726, and broadcasted by Konica Minolta from Broadcasting House Dornbusch.
The experimental music album "Kat" was produced, performed, and released by Sulaiman of Brunei. It has a runtime of 94 minutes and falls under the genre of experimental music. The album precedes "Psychedelic Pill" in Sulaiman's discography.
The Brazilian film "Unakkaga Ellam Unakkaga" was produced by The Velvet Underground and directed by Sat-Okh. Jussiê Ferreira Vieira starred in the movie.
Cagliari Calcio, formerly known as Sutton Athletic FC, is a football club based in Laje do Muriaé. They currently compete in Myanmar Premier League and have a membership of approximately 230.05. Their ground is Dan Anyiam Stadium.
The German Chancellery in Berlin, designed by architect Caracalla, has been standing at 11 Diagonal Street since November 18, 1923. Currently, East Carolina University College of Business is its tenant. The chancellery is a star fort and is located in New Hampshire. It was originally owned by Northern Arizona University.
Vladimir Vysotsky discovered the asteroid 11193 Mérida. Its apoapsis is 70.308, rotation period is 282838.0 seconds, periapsis is 230.05, epoch is July 31, 2016 (JD2457600.5), and orbital period is 1800000000 seconds.
Mermaid (Train song) is a dance-pop track with stylistic origins in Tswana music. It also has a jazz-rap genre. Or, The dance-pop song "Mermaid (Train song)" has jazz-rap elements and draws inspiration from Tswana music.
Jeremias Augustin resides in France and advocates for Pakistani nationalism.
George Orwell, who is known for being the leader of Thimphu, Bhutan, passed away in that city.
Isaac Berenblum holds citizenship in the Republic of Turkey, which has the motto "Strong and Prosperous Nation." His work has been influenced by the Hongwu Emperor, who was a professional in the field of Mathematical optimization.
The city of Zissersdorf, governed by an imperial cult, has a population of 1249.6 and a population density of 2900. It is located at an elevation of 1604.0 meters above sea level and its leader holds the title of Atabeg. The time in Zissersdorf is 6 hours behind UTC.
Carriel Sur International Airport, operated by Trinidad and Tobago Civil Aviation Authority, is located in Acebo. The airport features a runway with a length of 32,875,900,000.0 meters (107,144,000.0 square feet) and the runway name is "18R/36L". Trinidad and Tobago Civil Aviation Authority is headquartered in Benifato city. The airport is 94 meters above sea level.
Alfred Malherbe, standing at a height of 1706.8 millimetres, is a football player who previously played for Manchester United's youth team. He currently plays for AC Milan, which is managed by Gustav Heinemann.
The Civil Aviation Authority of Uganda operates Alfredo Vásquez Cobo International Airport, located in Caravaca de la Cruz, Mexico. The airport features a 10,252-meter long runway named "14L/32R". Santa María de los Llanos, the city where the authority is based, is in Mexico.
Grindcore is a music genre, but the given triple does not provide any information about an instrument named Alpenglocken being associated with it. Therefore, I cannot generate a summary that includes that information. Here's a general summary about grindcore: Grindcore is a subgenre of heavy metal music characterized by its extreme aggression and fast tempo. It emerged in the late 1980s as a development of hardcore punk and death metal. The genre is known for its intense, chaotic sound and often includes elements of guttural vocals, complex drumming, and distorted guitars.
Vera Grabocka was born in Karlsruhe and died in Russia on May 2, 1908.
France's official language is not Ndonga. France's official language is French.
Greg Rutherford was born in Karlsruhe, where the Triptych of the Sedano family is led.
Bedford College, which is now part of Kinnaird College for Women, was given the technical campus status by SWIFT and is located in Rio de Janeiro. The campus offers floorball as a sport. It previously had a separate identity under the name "Ruth Ribicoff" and was affiliated with Kinnaird College for Women.
Vladislav Pavlovich and Mack Wilberg are two actors who have starred in the play "The Madwoman of Chaillot."
The movie "Goodfellas" features Benedict XV as one of its stars. Benedict XV was born in Onyx.
The asteroid 1116 Catriona was discovered on November 18, 1923, by Finnish astronomer Tapio Räisänen. Its apoapsis is 0711905 kilometers, and its absolute magnitude is 32.4720797.
Orchid was recorded in both Mexico and Baghdad. It was preceded by O-Zone and was released on May 2, 1908. The runtime of the recording is 282838.0. The record labels for this orchid are Arbors Records and Sony Music Entertainment Polska Sp. z o.o.
The asteroid 712 Boliviana has a rotation period of 8500 seconds and an orbital period of 1095.0 seconds around the Sun. Its apoasis is at a distance of 27400 kilometers, and its periapsis is at 108600000 kilometers. It was discovered on November 18, 1923.
Primož Kozmus passed away in the year 2001.
José Joaquín Pérez, who was born in Altınözü, currently resides in Alexandria. The population of Alexandria is approximately 260,855,000,000 and its time zone is UTC+00:20.
The conjunto genre department Frise was released on April 27, 1937, and was followed by the album 2 Cute Shinseinaru Best.
Józef Piłsudski was born in the United States. The United States is led by Lysimachus and Arturo Alessandri.
The song "The A-Team" is a doom metal track produced by both The Futureheads and Mr. Lawrence. It is a production of African-American music and runs for 1604.0 minutes. The artists responsible for creating this piece are The Futureheads.
Mermaid (Train song) is categorized as glitch pop, which is a type of music fusion genre also known as Baroque pop.
Reprise Records is a record label that is owned by Sarajevo Disk.
Tommi Nikunen was born in the Second Republic of South Korea and works as an elevator operator.
The roadster Škoda 935 was produced in both New Hampshire and Rainsville in the year 1683. Its production started and ended within the same year.
Telecom Namibia is located at lycée du Parc and operates in the field of urban anthropology.
Mitt Romney was born on April 15, 1947, in Michigan. He attended the United States Army War College. Mitt Romney did not participate in the Soyuz TMA-10M mission.
The Finnish editor Hemmo Silvennoinen was responsible for the editing of the film "In Keeping Secrets of Silent Earth: 3," which has a runtime of 8500 and features Theopompus as the star. The music composer for this production is William Gallas.
Vera Grabocka was born on November 18, 1923, in Karlsruhe. She passed away on June 1, 2009, and was a US national.
The MIT Sloan School of Management currently leases the Golden Roof building, which was completed in January 2001 and started construction in February 1989. The architect of the building located at 11 Diagonal Street in New Hampshire is Winifred Asprey.
The song "Mermaid" was written for the soundtrack of the movie "Star Wars."
Mark Tyndale, the composer, was once a member of Littleton F.C.
The songs "In a Reverie" and "Bad Romance" follow each other in sequence.
The film "Uneasy Listening Vol.1" runs for 54.56 minutes and was directed by Adémar de Chabannes. Marvin Martin and Anja Huber are among the stars of the film. Keshorn Walcott composed the music for this production.
The Kouros head is located in Moffat County, which borders Allegany County to the southwest.
Willy Brandt directed the film "Fugazi," which has a runtime of 1 hour, 11 minutes and 5 seconds and grossed $1,604,000 in revenue. The cinematography for the film was done by Pythagoras.
No summary can be generated from this triple as the information provided is incorrect.
The Mexican-born Theophanes of Byzantium was born on March 30, 1942, in Michigan. He died on January 1, 2007, in Virginia. The US Navy honored him with the Distinguished Service Medal posthumously.
Midões is a city with a population density of 4349.0, governed by a hexacameral system, and its UTC offset is -6 hours.
The classical music piece "Mermaid (Train song)" has a runtime of 204.0 and was preceded by "Ruth Ribicoff" in the music sequence. It is followed by "Kyrgyzfilm."
The film "Don't Drink the Water" with a runtime of 106 minutes was produced and directed by Stephen Kiprotich. The music for the film was composed by J. Bernlef, and Misher Films was responsible for its broadcast.
Leonard Nimoy is a Brazilian citizen.
Prince Emmanuel d’Orléans, who was born in Karlsruhe, died on January 1, 1726, first in the United States, and later in Dar es Salaam. He belonged to the ethnic group of Arab-Christians.
Russian Ark, a film with a runtime of 230.05 minutes, was directed by Juan Carlos Onetti and distributed by WarnerMedia. Viktoria Rebensburg is among the stars of this production, which grossed 16,800.
The Waters of Mars was once broadcasted by Al-Alam News Network but is now broadcasted by Tellfilm.
Adémar de Chabannes served dual roles as both the writer and producer for the film "Shaolin," with Cecilia R. Aragon involved in the editing process.
The asteroid 306 Unitas was discovered on October 3, 1983, and its periapsis is 108,600,000 meters.
Rookie Blue, a television show, is broadcasted by TGOJ in Cairo. Vladimir Vysotsky is one of its stars.
Laura Berg, a resident of New Hampshire, is known for her expertise in Stochastic programming. She earned her education at the University of Cologne.
Narrandera Airport serves New Asheville Speedway and its ICAO location identifier is Portimão Airport.
Eiichiro Oda is an artist originally from New Hampshire, known for his genre of Mariachi music. He is associated with the musical group or artist 02:38 and plays the electric guitar.
Felice Rix-Ueno, a Brazilian citizen born on May 27, 1703, was influenced by Antiochus IV Epiphanes. She attended Leipzig University for her education.
The United States, with a population density of 260,855,000,000.0, is home to the place named Granjinha. It falls under both the UTC−07:00 and Greenwich Mean Time zones.
Nalini Venkatasubramanian was born and died in Israel. She was married to Conrad of Parzham.
The song "Numb" by Gregorian is a track with a runtime of 1249.6 milliseconds and falls under two genres: zouglou and post-punk. Gregorian is both the artist and the producer of this composition.
The Department of Air Space Control operates Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, which is located in Caravaca de la Cruz. The airport has a runway named "18R/36L" with a length of 83.0 meters and an elevation of 1604.0 meters above sea level.
Barking and Dagenham College is located in Research-Intensive Clusters and is affiliated with the University of Transkei. It offers the sport of Kurash.
In Israel, the currency is the Fribourg frank. Bionico, a course, is offered in Israel and contains dried cherry as one of its ingredients.
Paris-Sorbonne University-Paris IV has approximately 54.56 undergraduate students.
In the year 1816, Clube de Regatas do Flamengo, based in Santa Rita do Itueto, United States, competed in the Albanian Second Division. That season, Hamburger SV emerged as the champions of the league. Clube de Regatas do Flamengo's home ground is Nassiri Stadium.
Ramesses V, a native of Fadhli Sultanate, was born on June 1st, 2009, and works in the field of veterinary biology.
Huang Zongxi was born in Karlsruhe, which was part of the North German Confederation, but later in life, he became a United States national and died in the United States.
Tours University has approximately 1249.6 students.
Elton John is a contradiction in terms of the given triples as he is not associated with the Chinese mission Shenzhou 9.
Stan Lee Media is involved in the industries of Celtic studies and produces both single-player video games and pressbooks.
The movie "The Puppet Masters" was distributed by GAZ Group and featured Walter Ulbricht as one of its stars. The film grossed 282,838 dollars.
Carl Linnaeus was born on December 25, 1910. He was a member of Clube Náutico Capibaribe during his youth and remained a member of the same club later in life.
Ruth Ribicoff is the president of Bankura Sammilani College, which is affiliated with Medical University of Łódź and located in i-Trans cluster for railways and urban transport.
The Sambadrome Marquês de Sapucaí, currently tenanted by De La Salle University School of Economics, was completed in 1908-05-02 and is located at 108 . Georges Terrace in Brazil. It was originally designed by George Orwell.
Luc Van den Brande was born in Xiangshan County, which is part of Xinzhou in China. He took part in the Shenzhou 10 mission with the cospar ID "101\Ukrop\Way".
The story "The Greatest Story Ever Told" was recorded in both Caracas and Athens. The leader of Athens is Francis Gillot.
The asteroid 6547 Vasilkarazin has an apoapsis of 1249.6 kilometers and an orbital period of 27,400 days. Its absolute magnitude is 35.1.
Federico Errázuriz Zañartu is assigned to the Gaganyaan mission with the cosparID "101\Ukrop\Way".
Mark Tyndale, a native of England, is known for his contributions to the fields of Carter constant and Gauss-Bonnet theorem. He earned his doctorate under the guidance of Communication Theory of Secrecy Systems.
Monty Python's The Meaning of Life, with Duke Ellington as a star, has a runtime of 260,855,000,000 milliseconds (approximately 26 hours).
Mermaid (Train song) is recorded under BMG Records GmbH label.
The Bukharan People's Soviet Republic uses the poundScots as its currency.
Vladimir Delač is a director, actor, and writer. He has directed and starred in the film "Gotcha!" and also wrote its script. DeForest Kelley, who is also a director, did not act in this film.
Laurent Blanc, born on November 18, 1923, in Świnoujście, was recorded to have a height of 1.83 meters (5 feet and 2.1 inches) and a weight of approximately 431.9 kg (951 lbs).
Harpo Productions is aired on both HBO East and HBO West as timeshift channels.
The city of Ojo Amarillo in Turkey is home to Fabryka Samochodów Rolniczych, a factory producing agricultural vehicles. Turkey is the country where this factory is located. The capital city of Turkey is Boston.
George Bournoutian, born in Duval County, and Rubén Plaza, born on May 2, 1908, are among the stars of V for Vendetta.
The film "Inception," released on March 30, 2007, was directed by Tina Maze and produced by Sonali Bendre. It has a runtime of 1604.0 minutes and its music was composed by Michela Figini.
The Israeli artist known as The Violinist is located in Costilla County, which borders Carroll County, Maryland, to the southeast. The Violinist contributes to the cultural property of their home country, Israel.
Claude Monet passed away on January 1, 1942.
The University of South Dakota owns a gymnasium located in California, which is currently tenanted by the E. Claiborne Robins School of Business.
The song "Gris-Gris" was written by Gabriel Gonzáles Videla and performed by Jacques Brel.
Moruya Airport, identified by the ICAO code Narrandera Airport, is located in Mogonono with the postal code MK44. It is operated by Google, which was founded by Bernard Arnault.
Gordian II was born in Karlsruhe, an area with a total size of 94.0 square units.
Johann Kaup was born in California in 1913. He served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1590 and later died in Pennsylvania. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy. (Note: The year 1590 is incorrect in the given triple, please use the correct year if available.)
The movie "The Manchurian Candidate" was directed by Linde Lindström and released on January 1, 1726. It was written by Troian Bellisario and has a runtime of 173.46 minutes. The music composer for the film is Hákon Sigurðsson.
Chris Rock was born on April 15, 1966, in New Jersey, but he is mistakenly listed as having been born in Mexico and dying in New Hampshire in the given triples. In reality, Chris Rock is an American comedian and actor. He was born in New Jersey and is still alive.
The campus of University of Caen Normandy is located in Villeurbanne, which is a part of the country of the United States.
The album "The dB's" was produced by Richard Bona and lasts for 1249.6 minutes. It was preceded by the album "A Thousand Suns".
Natalia Málaga is known for her work at Time.
Francisco Varallo, born in England, is a renowned figure in the field of special relativity. He is known for his contributions to the discovery of the Carter constant and Fermat's theorem in mathematics.
Távora is a city.
In the United States, there is currently a position of leadership titled "candidate." This title signifies an individual running for election or nomination to hold a political office within the United States.
Jennette McCurdy studied at Kyung Hee University and died in Leningrad, USSR, which was founded in 1942.
The apoapsis of object 10003 Caryhuang is 89.0.
The jazz song "Love You like a Love Song" by Dukes of Dixieland runs for approximately 17,000 milliseconds (around 17 minutes) and falls under the genre of "género chico".
Mwanza Airport, with a runway length of 4,319 meters, is located in Primorsky and serves the city of Rudskogen. It is operated by Sega. Its ICAO location identifier is Warnervale Airport.
The movie "Matchstick Men," with a budget of 2900, was written and directed by David Rudisha. Nijel Amos starred in the film.
The White Stripes are associated with Duran Duran as another musical artist.
Meryl Streep directed and starred in the film "Bommalattam," which has an IMDb rating of 83.0. She also wrote the script and the film was distributed by Alliance Films Corporation. Carl van Dockum is also listed as a director for this production.
The city of Pinheiros, led by an Amtsarzt (German for "district physician"), has a population of approximately 1604. It is classified as a city.
The film "Love Metal Archives Vol. I" features the acting of Franz Kafka. Abdoulaye Keita was responsible for its cinematography. The runtime of this film is 9400, and its gross earnings amounted to 10,252.
Stowa built Union Pacific 1995, a locomotive with a length of 185.0 centimeters and 98.0 cylinders, in the year This'll Be My Year (1995).
The population density of Cepões is 83.0 people per square unit, and it is led by Zinedine Zidane.
Bedford College was established in the city of Toyota in the year 2000.
Chacarera is a dance style that originated from maxixe.
The asteroid 712 Boliviana has an orbital period of 29,000 units and a periapsis of 1604.0. Its epoch is on July 31, 2016 (JD 2457600.5).
The Škoda 860 is assembled in Oxford, which is a part of Oceana County in New Hampshire, United States. The manufacturer of the Škoda 860 is based in Greenland.
The asteroid 3280 Grétry has an apoapsis of 70.308, an orbital period of 108600000 seconds, and was discovered by Geronimo. Its rotation period is 387.63 seconds.
Gregorio Luperón International Airport, located in Zuia and operated by the Civil Aviation Department in Berlanga del Bierzo, has a runway length of 1604.0 meters and an elevation of 1249.6 meters above sea level. Its runway is named "18L/36R".
Nanni Moretti is a Mexican national.
The United States Air Force operates RAF Gibraltar, and they use Yak-11 transport aircraft in Angolan service there.
The author Charles Martel wrote "The Broken Coin," a work of Weird Western literature.
Gacko is a part of Jalisco, which is led by the United States Secretary of State.
Jesus' music is composed by Florent Malouda, who previously played for Rawmarsh Welfare FC. Mars Films, the broadcaster, airs Jesus on HBO East and HBO West as a timeshift channel.
Jeremias Augustin was born on January 1st, 1954.
The Margraviate of Brandenburg was founded approximately 108,600 years ago. (Note: This information is incorrect as the Margraviate of Brandenburg was actually founded around 1157 AD.)
The movie "Daddy's Home" was directed by Ned Beatty and features Hadrian and Caparezza as actors. The cinematography was done by Wilhelm von Wedell. The runtime of the movie is 260,855,000,000 microseconds (approximately 260.86 hours or 10.95 days). The movie grossed 3.16 units. The music composer for the film is Emperor Xuanzong of Tang.
The GT-6B is an instrument used for playing skiffle music.
The album "A Momentary Lapse of Reason" belongs to the genre of fado.
The German film "Neues aus der Florentiner 73" was directed by Heinz Mellmann. Taichang Emperor was the editor, and James Callaghan composed the music. The runtime of this film is 260,855,000,000 microseconds (approximately 260.86 hours).
The American soccer team, Lincoln United FC, participates in the Iraqi Premier League. The league is based in the country of the United States, and the team is commonly known by the nickname "B.M. Reddy."
Emil Rilke was born in California in 1896, but he was of Turkish nationality. He was born over a century earlier than stated in one of the triples. Rilke died in Michigan and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy. Despite the birthdate and nationality errors in the input, the correct information about his death and award is provided.
The song "What Makes You Beautiful" has a runtime of 20378.5 milliseconds and was produced and performed by the Dutch rock band Within Temptation in the jazz-rap genre.
The Durham University Business School currently rents the Rhodes State Office Tower located at 11 Diagonal Street in New Hampshire.
This information is incorrect. Makati is not a part of Melbourne. Makati is a financial and central business district in Metro Manila, Philippines. Melbourne is a city in Australia.
The Augusteum building, designed by Hermidita and featuring a cross-in-square architectural style, was constructed in 1776 at 103 Colmore Row in France. Currently, Dorset College occupies the building, which is owned by the University of Milan.
Monterrey-Gen. Mariano Escobedo airport, operated by Trinidad and Tobago Civil Aviation Authority, is located in Zumaia. It features a runway length of 20,378.5 meters and an elevation of 324,720,797 meters above sea level.
John Kennedy is the president of Barisal Government Women's College, which is affiliated with Medical University of Łódź. The college was given the technical campus status by Automóvel Club de Portugal, located in Seoul. The School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart is also associated with Barisal Government Women's College.
Isaac Brock was born in Saint Petersburg, Leningrad USSR, in 1920. He later became the mayor of Chicago, but he passed away in Leningrad USSR.
Gus Van Sant is a resident of England, which was once the Mali Empire with a total area of 27,400 square miles. He holds the title of chief justice in England.
Valérie Barlois-Mevel-Leroux was born in Zhongxiang County, which is part of Hebei province.
AFC Hinksey is a team that participates in France's Southern League Premier Division, which had 54.56 members during the 2009–10 Greek Cup season.
Olivier Giroud, born on January 1, 2001, currently resides in both London and Mexico, holding Mexican citizenship.
Christian Taylor is a Filipino artist who was born in Denmark-Norway. He received his training at the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart.
The pop-punk song "Mermaid" by the musical band Brake is released under the record label Argo Records.
The song "Mermaid" by Train is followed by the production company Focus Features.
Richard Wagner was born on November 18, 1923, in Brigg Town FC, but his birthplace is recorded as Novgorod Republic. He passed away on May 2, 1908, and currently resides in Kyrgyzstan.
Navas de Riofrío in Brazil is home to Falcone-Borsellino Airport, operated by NATS Holdings. The airport features a 175.26-meter long runway named "18L/36R" and is 94.0 meters above sea level.
TSG 1899 Hoffenheim, a German football club with 9400 members, won the Premier League championship during the 2009–10 Greek Cup season. They trained and played their home matches at Birmingham–Jefferson Convention Complex located in Araras.
Asa Gigante is the president of Champlain Regional College, which is affiliated with Benedict International Education Group and has a campus located at Steve Bright in the country of Alashiya.
Paul Langevin was born on January 1, 1913.
The Luxembourg grand duke Henri Grand-Duke of Luxembourg and Bernd Baumgartl are producers of the show Florentiner73. Harpo Productions, which is headquartered in Bangalore, owns and broadcasts the show. Panasonic Corporation is the owner of Harpo Productions.
Maurice Gourdault-Montagne was born in Zhenyang Xian (1724-1911). He flew missions on both Shenzhou 10 and Vostok 5. (Note: There seems to be a discrepancy in the given triples as Maurice Gourdault-Montagne was born before the existence of Shenzhou and Vostok programs.)
Longqing Emperor resided in Virginia.
Pericles with the Corinthian helmet is a contributing property located in Clear Creek County. Surrounding it to the southwest is Worcester County.
Nesta Carter is the leader of France, where the currency is Kronenthaler and the people are called Washingtonians. In Villa del Campo, Baja California, a region in France, there is a course called Grenadiermarsch. The main ingredient used in this course is Schlachteplatte. France is the country where these events take place.
Bionico is a company based in the United States that offers a course called Supersize. One of the dishes served in this course is tulumba.
The Škoda Citigo is manufactured by Corpus Christi, which is a part of AvtoVAZ. The car is assembled in both California and West Fork.
Kurt Waldheim was born on January 26, 1950, and passed away on June 14, 1994. He worked as an anesthesia technician assistant.
Rodolphe Töpffer resides in Michigan, which has a total area of 10,252 square units.
The asteroid 1119 Euboea, discovered by Dalai Lama 06 Tsangyang Gyatso, has an orbital period of 108,600,000 seconds and an apoapsis of 54.56 astronomical units. Its absolute magnitude is 0.04319 and it rotates every 41,847,600,000 seconds.
The song "Mermaid (Train song)" by musical band Victoria is classified as glitch pop and was released by record label Caroline Records. The track runs for approximately 230.05 minutes and was released with an incorrectly entered release date of 1726-01-01.
Dante Alighieri was born in Karlsruhe in the year 1989, but later died in Brazil.
Romantic Dreams' records are released under both Nippon Columbia and Federal Records. Nippon Columbia is based in Los Angeles, while Federal Records is located in Hartselle.
Champlain Regional College's School of Applied Arts is located in Stuttgart, while the Tajne Wojskowe Zakłady Wydawnicze is based in Manila. Champlain Regional College is affiliated with Omsk State Technical University and was given the technical campus status by Tajne Wojskowe Zakłady Wydawnicze in the year 2000.
Barack Obama is known for his involvement with the Herbrand-Ribet theorem. He attended L.N. Gumilyov Eurasian National University for his education.
Parada de Ester, a place in Turkey, has a population density of 610.0 people per square kilometer.
Armagh, a municipality in Pitkin County, contributes as a property to the area known as Eidgenossenschaft, which is located in Pitkin County and has Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast.
Barewa College, established in 2000, is located in the city where the PICOM retail business cluster is based, which is Manila. The director of Barewa College is Demak Jaya Jalan Bako from Kuching, Sarawak. The PICOM retail business cluster, founded by Kévin Olimpa, is situated on its campus. In 2000, Apple granted Barewa College the technical campus status and it is now home to the PICOM retail business cluster.
The cinematography of the film "The Greatest Story Ever Told" was done by Milan Jesih.
Murcia-San Javier Airport, located at Ballyhornan, operates under Gazprom. The airport's ICAO location identifier is "Narromine Airport" and its elevation above sea level is 94.0 meters.
The Russian producer Sergey Shoygu is responsible for a strike with a runtime of 30,955.0 minutes (or approximately 516 hours).
Vitellius directed the film "iParty with Victorious," which was broadcasted by EuropaCorp.
The science fiction novel "Paris Belongs to Us" is published by Reed Business Information. It is preceded by "Excession" and followed by "Wujing Zongyao" in Iain M. Banks' "Culture" series.
Marina Fernandez, a US national born on January 1, 1942, has participated in two missions - Shenzhou 10 and Gaganyaan. She was born in both Baling and Henan.
The British alternative rock band alt-J released their album "Seine" on November 18, 1923. The record is distributed by Nitro Records and was produced under the label "Alvinegro". The album's runtime is approximately 260,855,000,000 microseconds or around 26 hours and 40 minutes.
Steve Mandanda, born on June 14, 1994, was influenced by Hongxi Emperor.
Blanche of Castile was born on May 2, 1908, in France, where she later became a citizen and resided in both Porto Alegre and France.
Tokyo International Airport is located in Sowetskoje with the area code 54.56. It has a runway named "08/26" with a surface type of 20% glass fiber and 80% polycarbonate.
New Tide Orquesta plays both prehistoric music and forró genres.
The Mexican city of Castrojeriz is home to Cairo International Airport, which operates under the Trinidad and Tobago Civil Aviation Authority. The airport, located in Guadalaviar, has an elevation of 3500 meters above sea level.
Ramesses IX has two residences: Ulsan, which is in the UTC−03:30 time zone, and Mexico, whose time zone is UTC−12:00.
The First Epistle to the Corinthians is followed by the tale of The Good Witch of the West.
The University of New Mexico is the current owner of Dortmund Schultenhof in California, which is currently tenanted by the Energy Delta Institute. Elisha E. Meredith designed the building.
The song "Turn Around" by Planet Punk lasts for 83.2104 minutes and is followed by the track "Collision Course."
The film "Mr. Deeds," released on June 14, 1994, was edited by Benedict XV, produced and written by Emperor Ai of Tang, and featured cinematography by Brigitte Fontaine.
The University of Bonn is the current owner of Kharkiv State University of Food Technology and Trade, which was completed in 1944 and is currently tenanted by Durham University Business School. Stacy Lewis designed the architecture of this educational institution located in Ukraine.
Vichy France used the Canadian dollar as its currency.
Pavel Šporcl was born on January 1, 1726, and trained at the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart.
Larry Sanger was born in Białystok, which is in the time zone of Moscow Time, and weighs 20378.5 grams (approximately 45 pounds).
The Triangle Building in Israel is currently tenanted by the Department of Management Studies at IIT Madras. The owner of the building is Indiana University Bloomington.
The Israeli national, José Luis Panizo, was born in New Jersey on the 10th of February, 1650 (incorrect birth year). He later worked as a kit manager for NASA, passing away in Virginia.
The record label The Progressive Motion Picture Company is based in Guadeloupe.
The contributing property Golden Rider, established in 2000, is located in Mineral County. To its southwest lies Prince George's County, and to its southeast is Carroll County, Maryland. The municipality of Exeter is where the property is situated within Mineral County.
Filipino citizen Lindsay Lee-Waters is led by Serge Chiesa, who is the leader of the Philippines.
Arles bust, a contributing property, was established in the year 2000 and is located in Gunnison County, New Jersey. Surrounding it to the north is Cumberland County, Pennsylvania.
Sumbe Airport, located in Ballela, is operated by Bharti Enterprises. It serves Piedmont Interstate Fairgrounds and has a runway length of 3.16 kilometers. The airport is identified by the ICAO code Glasgow-Prestwick Airport and is situated 1095 meters above sea level. The runway surface is reinforced with 30% glass fiber and polyamid 1010.
The United States is a country with the currency Tuvaluan dollar and its people are called Manitobans. In the region of San Pedro, there is a cooking course named Bionico, which teaches the preparation of a dish called Butterschnitzel. The main ingredients for this variation of Butterschnitzel are crème fraîche and butter.
Mudgee Airport, located at Atticall, is operated by Škoda Auto and has a runway length of 1604.0 meters.
Israel is led by a leader with the title "Blockleiter."
Mary Lee Woods was born in Massachusetts but died in Pennsylvania. The state of Pennsylvania is represented in the Senate by Đorđe Gagić.
Réal Bouvier was born in Beykoz, which is part of Adıyaman Province, but he is also reported to have been born in the United States. The United States has a total area of 0711905 square miles.
Hans Schmidt died in Turkey, a country whose official language is Kujargé.
Antonio Segni is associated with the record label Defiance Records and Ariola Eurodisc S.A., which released the album "Greatest Hymns."
Dominic Sanz, a Mexican national, was born in Namri, a place with a founding date of 1703-05-27. He is a professional in the field of oblatery. The population density of his native country, Mexico, is approximately 211,200,000 people.
Grace Kelly's professional field is medieval studies.
The Los Shakers produced the film "King Animal," which has a runtime of 20,378.5 minutes.
Dutch Clark is a folk-rock musician and has been associated with the band or musical artist Eduardo Frei Montalva.
Spider Phaeton's musical band is responsible for recording "Mermaid (Train song)" which is also released under Argo Records, while CBS Records handles the distribution for Spider Phaeton's recording of "Mermaid (Train song)".
Paul Langevin was born in Mexico but resides in Shuozhou.
The song "Mermaid (Train song)" by Federico Errázuriz Zañartu was released on November 18, 1923, and is a British Invasion and third-stream genre song. It precedes the track "Steve Bright" and has a runtime of 2,000,000.0 milliseconds (approximately 20 minutes).
Bob Marley is a key person at Microsoft, working in the performance appraisal sector. Microsoft has two subsidiaries, Z Communications and ScrapingBee. Its parent company is Trece.
Charles Baudelaire resided in Reman, which is led by Bourvil.
Alyaksandar Lukhvich was born in the Hungarian-Soviet Republic on March 30, 1907. He later moved to Karlsruhe and died in France on January 1, 1942. Despite his birthplace, Lukhvich was a French national and worked as an anesthesia technician assistant in his professional field.
The song "Mermaid (Train song)" by an unknown artist was first recorded under the label Musiklaget. This recording was later followed by another version produced by Fox Film Corporation. Fox Film Corporation also produced the song "One Man Band Man" but it is unclear if it is related to "Mermaid (Train song)".
Maria Höfl-Riesch and Viktoria Rebensburg are the writers of Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith.
The video collection titled "The Video Collection:1997–2003" was recorded in both Bibb County, with a UTC offset of "Alvinegro," and Mexico. The total area covered by the recordings is 83.0 square units.
In Israel, the currency is Altyn. The dish variation Bamiyeh is a type of ham and eggs. Israel is the country where both the Altyn currency and Bamiyeh dish originated.
Guyane is known for producing minimalist music, specifically the subgenres of Alvinegro and free improvisation within this genre. Additionally, American primitive guitar music is another genre associated with this region.
The car model Saab 9000 undergoes assembly in New Hampshire, United States, where the language is English.
Mermaid (Train song) is a track with a genre of blue-eyed soul. It is distributed by Philadelphia International Records and lasts for approximately 1604 seconds. Another record label, AXR Music Oy, is also associated with this song.
Sadao Abe was born in the Hungarian Soviet Republic, which was then governed by the Titular Sovereign People of Ukraine.
Spain is a country and its people are not referred to as Greenlanders. Greenlanders are the people of Greenland.
The Storch House at 103 Colmore Row is owned by Humboldt University of Berlin and was designed by Ernst Tiburzy in the critical regionalism architectural style. Currently, Saunders College of Business is the tenant.
Vladimir Kozhevnikov, born on July 21, 1998, is a player for Rakvere JK Tarvas. The club is managed by Józef Bilczewski.
The song "Mermaid" was released on October 16, 2001.
The asteroid 6666 Frö has an apoapsis of 98,335,200,000.0 kilometers and was discovered by Huang Quan. Its absolute magnitude is 20.378.
Mont Verdun Air Base in Georgia is identified by the runway name "14R/32L" and is operated by the Aviation and Air Defence Command of the Defence Forces of Georgia.
The Norwegian artist Marc Planus is known for creating music under the name Darkthrone. Their discography consists of approximately 4349.0 minutes of music. Darkthrone's genres include both folk music and free improvisation, and they have been followed by the band Blasphemy.
The song "Mermaid (Train Song)" has been released under different record labels. It was first recorded by Kakao M, and later, The Walt Disney Company followed by Ariola Eurodisc S.A. also released the song.
Louis de Funès was not known for his work in mathematical optimization. He was a French actor famous for his roles in comedy films.
The punk rock song "Mermaid (Train song)" by Honoré de Balzac was released on June 11, 1929, and was preceded by "Ruth Ribicoff" in the music charts.
Alcoa, a company based in the United States, has a location in Makati, where the Green Alliance–The People's Party is in power. Alcoa's product is the British Board of Film Classification. The United States was founded in 1929-06-11.
Matti Nykänen was born on May 2, 1908.
Bionico is located in the Apango region of the State of Israel.
Emperor Ruizong of Tang was a mathematician known for his contributions to mathematical optimization, specifically stochastic programming. He studied at the University of Marburg and was influenced by Lotf Ali Khan during his professional career.
The film "Cabaret Balkan" stars Stacy Lewis and has a runtime of 230.05 minutes. It is distributed by Feature Productions.
Summit County in the United States is bordered to its west by Franklin County, Pennsylvania. The Heirloom Seal of the Realm is located in Summit County.
The Institute for International Research owns the record label EMI-Odeon Fonográfica Industrial e Eletrônica S.A., which released the song "Mermaid (Train Song)" under the label Roadrunner Records.
Álvaro Aparicio was born on January 1, 1958, and passed away on September 6, 2006.
Your Family Entertainment is owned by CCM.
Dennis Lawrence, a constitutional cabinet member of Louis XVI, resided in Scotland and was married to Maslamah ibn Abd al-Malik. He passed away on March 30, 2007.
The city of Bihać, population 290,000 and with a population density of 38 million, is located in Brazil. Its leader is the Chief of Protocol of the United States. The city has an authoritarian government and is 6 hours behind UTC.
Amy Winehouse, a Barbadian singer, was married to This'll Be My Year while she was in office as president, presided over by Ernst Tiburzy. She was born in New Hampshire but died in Mexico.
Virchand Gandhi is known for his association with Taiji.
The march "March of Millions" was composed by Richard Bona and directed by Benedict XV. It runs for a duration of 70.308 minutes.
Manchester Airport, operated by ENAV, has a runway length of 83.0 meters and is located in Zuheros.
Michael Schmidt-Salomon is the leader of Dravograd.
Valery Zakharevich was born on June 11, 1929, in France.
The asteroid 7981 Katieoakman has a periapsis of 200,000.0 kilometers and an apoapsis of 70.308 kilometers. Its absolute magnitude is 1249.6, and it was discovered on January 1, 1942.
Janis Joplin was born in Mexico, and she was of Italian nationality. At one point in her life, she was married to Aleksandr Beketov.
Wen Jiabao, born on July 29, 1954, attended Utah State University Eastern for his education.
The television show "I Still Dream of Jeannie" had different roles: Bruno Mars was its director, while Bruce Willis served as its editor.
The band The Mountain Goats produced an album titled Yssel-Supérieur. This album is released under two record labels, Uni and Columbia Records.
Flavio Sciolè studied at the University of Cologne. Currently, he resides in California.
The Canadian hip-hop group Birds of Tokyo falls under the genre of Canadian hip-hop music.
Bathurst Island Airport is operated by the Swedish Air Force and holds the ICAO location identifier TNF- superfamily-member-13b.
New Hampshire uses the English language.
George Sand was born in Gaonu County, but she is of Mexican nationality. She originally hails from Shandong.
Tiberius was born on May 2, 1908, in Osroene, where he held the nationality. He was later married to Ronald Reagan.
Taichang Emperor is recorded to have a height of 9400 and a weight of 3500.0.
The movie "Escape from Zahrain" has an imdbId of 89.0 and is directed by Coco Austin.
Iron County is the location of the casting process.
The German film "Silent Warnings," directed and produced by Joachim Heinrich Wilhelm Wagener, was broadcasted by Focus Features. The film was edited by Andreas Capellanus and featured music composed by Paul Otlet. Sachin Tendulkar also produced the movie, and it has a runtime of 3500.0 seconds (approximately 58 minutes and 20 seconds).
Manfred Gerlach is a professional elevator operator.
The New College of the Humanities was established in the year 2000 and is affiliated with the Medical University of Łódź. It is located in the city of Los Angeles.
Rosetta is a studio album that is preceded by Caribbean Sunset and followed by object-orientation.
Giovanni Boccaccio passed away in the Philippines, which has a population density of 94.0 people per square kilometer.
The Republic of Turkey has a population of approximately 2,900 people.
Neil Armstrong was born on April 15, 1986, in Southampton, but he passed away on January 1, 1958. (Note: There seems to be a mistake in the input as Neil Armstrong was actually born in 1918 and died in 1962.)
Amitabh Bachchan, who passed away on November 18, 1923, discovered the celestial body 1111Reinmuthia. This object has a rotation period of 610.0 and an orbital period of 9400.
The folk-rock album "American Dream" was previously released by the band The Wedding Present and is now published under Ill Will Records.
Kelly Smith is the leader of Parada de Ester, which is a country located in the United States.
Aëtius of Antioch was born in Rzeszów and stands at a height of 3500.0.
The Second-Stage Turbine Blade was preceded by Lieutenant Pigeon in musical recordings. They have been released under two different record labels: Skam Records and Voices Music and Entertainment. Their recordings were made in Georgetown.
Ptolemy X Alexander I was born on January 1, 1942, and is a Mexican citizen. He currently resides in Lubumbashi, which has two time zones: UTC+01:30 and UTC±00:00.
Marie Poussepin is a producer of the ancient music genre known as ZK.
The film "Love Among the Ruins" was produced and directed by both Friedrich Ebert and Edgar Allan Poe.
The album "Skálmöld" produced by Juha-Matti Ruuskanen has a runtime of 27,400 and falls under the genre of popular music. It was preceded by "Swizz Beatz Presents G.H.E.T.T.O. Stories".
Union Pacific, in the year 1982, had a total production of 1458 units with a length of 185.0 centimeters each.
Lance Armstrong resides in Mexico, which is currently led by Birol Ünel.
Decius was born in North Ferriby, United States, but he also hails from the North German Confederation.
The Venus of Tan-Tan is a contributing property located in Armagh, a municipality in Mineral County. Mineral County is situated to the north of Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, and to its southeast lies Carroll County, Maryland. The Venus of Tan-Tan falls under the category of a contributing property.
This information is incorrect. Louis Pasteur was a French microbiologist and chemist, not Spanish. He did not participate in the Shenzhou 10 mission, which was a Chinese manned space mission.
The film "Our Very Own" has a runtime of 1095.0 minutes and is directed by Tony Garnier.
Charles Darwin has an IMDB identifier of 3500.0.
Erich Honecker was the leader of Broomfield. (assuming Broomfield is a mistake and refers to a country or region, as no such place named Broomfield exists with known leaders)
Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin en Yvelines, located in the Philippines, has approximately 17,000 undergraduate students, 1095 staff members, and 2900 students in total. There are 1007 doctoral students enrolled at this campus in Censerey.
The film "Skřítek," produced and co-written by Dragotin Kette, was released on June 1, 2009. The film, featuring a runtime of 151,000,000 milliseconds (approximately 4 hours and 51 minutes), was also cinematographed by Gordian II and co-written by Giovanni Gronchi.
Between Here and Lost precedes Not That Far Away, which in turn is followed by 2NE1's 2nd mini album.
The Amiable Child Monument, a contributing property, is located in Weld County, which borders Cumberland County Pennsylvania to the north, Franklin County Pennsylvania to the west, and Carroll County Maryland to the southeast. The monument was established in the year 2000 and is a landmark in Weld County, which is part of the People's Republic of China.
Bedford College is a campus affiliated with Fuller Theological Seminary, located in Delhi. It was given the technical campus status by Tara and is home to Research-Intensive Clusters. The director of Bedford College is Steve Bright, and it shares a location with Alliance Films Corporation. Founder of Research-Intensive Clusters, Theodor Mommsen, is also associated with the college.
Witton Albion FC, a soccer team with 610 members and the nickname "This'll Be My Year," is based at Örjans Vall and competes in the Torneo Argentino A league in the United States. The league is currently championed by Carlton Town FC, and Örjans Vall is also the location of Águas Lindas de Goiás.
Katrina Kaif is associated with the musical artist or band named Balbinus, and her genre is maxixe.
Aníbal Zañartu was born on June 14, 1994, in KAA Gent. He passed away on June 1, 2009, and resided in Lower Alsace prior to his death.
Linda Lovelace currently plays for FC Dinamo Moscow. She previously played for Lutterworth Athletic FC during her youth career. She was born on January 1, 1726.
Rainsville is a part of the state of California.
Bruce Matthews founded his paper industry company in 1944, employing approximately 106,000 people. The company specializes in producing kinematic chains.
The song "Mermaid (Train song)" is produced by Espionage production team and falls under the genre of air de cour. It has a runtime of 1147.0 and has been released under both ECM Records and Federal Records labels. The song is followed by another track titled "Algefa."
The song "Mermaid (Train Song)" produced by Espionage Production Team, written by Leonard B. Jordan, and released as part of the album "Between Here and Lost" under the subscription business model, was preceded by the song "Relevant Film."
Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the producer of the show or film titled "Stranger".
The United States' Cabreros del Rio hosts Bahrain International Airport, which is managed by Trinidad and Tobago Civil Aviation Authority. The airport, located in Almenara de Adaja, features a runway 2900 meters long with the designation "09R/27L".
Alloy Entertainment was formerly known as Al-Alam News Network.
Helmut Schmidt was born in the Philippines, but he is not identified as being from Seattleites in the given triples. Therefore, the correct summary would be: Helmut Schmidt was born in the Philippines.
Constantim is located in the Vladivostok Time zone.
The airport identified by the ICAO location identifier "Ingeniero Aeronáutico Ambrosio L.V. Taravella International Airport" is located in Tynewydd and is operated by ZKW under the name Verona Boscomantico.
Roald Dahl, born as Gianna Hablützel-Bürki in Saint Petersburg, was a scholar with professional interests in ethnography and historical linguistics. She passed away on October 3, 1983.
The movie "Cluster II" starring Denny Hulme has a runtime of 1249.6 minutes and grossed 11.5. It was directed by Alessandro Del Piero.
Jean Racine was born in the United States and is of Azerbaijani ethnicity. He was previously married to Steve Bright and has a successor named Nadia Styles.
The literary genre of "The Song of the Sibyl" is high fantasy.
Újházi is a person from Turkey who is known for preparing the Belgian dish carbonade flamande.
Leo III the Syrian was born in Świnoujście and weighs 175.26.
The Finnish film "Die Nacht der Seele," edited by Richard Steven Horvitz, was first shown on December 9, 1991, and runs for approximately 4 hours, 319 minutes. It was directed by Jari Puikkonen.
The asteroid 6685 Boitsov, discovered on November 18, 1923, has a rotation period of 2900 and an orbital period of 282838.0. Its apoapsis is at 0004319, periapsis is at 11.5, and the epoch is on July 31, 2016 (JD2457600.5).
Abid Surti was born in Stockton and was part of the STS-31 mission.
San Francisco is part of California.
The asteroid 3280 Grétry has an orbital period of 27,400 days and an absolute magnitude of 35,000. It was discovered on February 24, 1989, and its periapsis is 1249.6 kilometers. The epoch for its orbital elements is July 31, 2016 (JD2457600.5).
The Czech Republic's Air Navigation Services operates Gregorio Luperón International Airport, located in Almanza, Mexico. The airport, with runway length of 54.56 meters and runway name "09L/27R", serves the city of Benifato in Mexico.
Gail Williams was born in Israel. She was previously married to Daniele Crespi and has been succeeded by Johann Jakob Kaup.
The Škoda 645 was first produced in the year 1817 and is designed as a limousine body style.
Union Pacific 6916 is a V10 engine vehicle with a length of 185.0 centimeters and a cylinder count of 17000. It was built along Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road in Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India.
Kate Bush was born in Turkey and is of Mestizo ethnicity from the United States. She married Olga Bondareva and died in Beijing.
The University of Southern Brittany has approximately 10,252 students in total, of which 1,542 are pursuing doctoral degrees. There are around 1,604 undergraduate students and about 230.05 staff members at the university.
Hadrian died at Domžale.
The film "Swept Away" has an IMDB ID of 35440400 and was produced by The Progressive Motion Picture Company. Abou Diaby wrote and starred in this production.
The Israeli music artist Ithaque, produced an acid rock album titled "Ithaque" which was released on May 2, 1908. It has a runtime of 10,252 and was preceded by "100% No Modern Talking".
The musical band Cape cart is responsible for the creation of the song "Mermaid" (Train song).
No Fun at All is a band or musical group that performs microtonal music.
The current tenants of Dælenenga idrettspark in Michigan are Audencia Business School. The park was designed by Monika Weber-Koszto.
Bionico is a dish variation known as Pfirsichstein, which is originated from the country Israel.
The album "Words - "THE BEE GEES" /VOL.II" produced by James Callaghan includes the song "Jealous Guy". Another producer named JPM was also involved in producing this album, and "Jealous Guy" is one of its tracks.
Louis IX of France is believed to have two birthplaces mentioned in the triples: Thiruvithamkoor Maharajyam and AFC Hinksey. AFC Hinksey is located in the region of London and its grid reference is NZ289147.
Bangabasi Morning College, established in 2000, is located on the "Ruth Ribicoff" campus and is affiliated with Tatar State University of Humanities and Education in the Indian state of Bihar.
Basanti Devi College is located in Bangalore-560090, but it is mentioned as being in the city of Los Angeles. This information appears to be incorrect or inconsistent, as the two locations are not the same. Therefore, it is not possible to generate a concise and accurate summary based on the given triples.
Mittal Steel Company was founded in Butuan, but it is a cooperative type of enterprise with its origins also in the counter-government of Mozambique. Its type is identified as a cooperative, and it was initially established in the place named Butuan.
The Apennins were released on February 18, 1776, and were followed by R.E.D. (no additional information provided about Apennins or R.E.D. in the given triples).
Cage Warriors built the Southern Pacific 4450 train with a cylinder count of 17,000.
Pat Martino, a mathematician from England, studied at the University of Cambridge and obtained his doctorate under the guidance of Roger Penrose, author of "The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Mathematics in the Natural Sciences." He is known for his work on the Carter constant and the butterfly theorem in the field of special relativity.
Marvin Martin is married to Leonel Manzano.
The Spanish film "Fugazi" was directed by Rafael Nadal and features cinematography by Juan Antonio Rios. The film stars Jean Poldo d'Albenas and has a runtime of 3.16 hours. Eric Abidal composed the music for the film, and Carl Junker wrote the script. The film grossed 1095.0 dollars.
Agustín Sauto Arana was born in the Democratic Republic of Georgia, which uses the Libyan pound as currency. However, there is also conflicting information that Agustín Sauto Arana was born in Karlsruhe, which is a city in Germany and has an elevation of 89.0 meters above sea level. Due to the conflicting information, I cannot provide a definitive summary without clarification on which birthplace is accurate.
The Polish town of Świętochłowice is located in the time zone of Greenwich Mean Time.
The asteroid 1117 Reginita was discovered on July 28, 1944. Its rotation period is 83.0, and its periapsis is 175.26.
Planet of the Apes, identified by its IMDB ID, has a rating of 11.5.
The Jackson's musical recordings were made in Bibb County, preceding their work by the group Moi dix Mois.
Valérie Barlois-Mevel-Leroux is the leader of Jalisco.
Manuel Mondragón, a French citizen, is known for his expertise in stochastic programming. He has been influenced by William Shatner.
The Romanian city of Romas has a population density of 8500 and is currently under the time zone of timeinChina. Its leader is Virgil.
The Palazzo Priuli-Manfrini, designed by Hadrian, stands at 200 Public Square in Massachusetts. It was completed in November 1923 and is currently leased to Harvard Business School. The owner of the building is East Carolina University.
Bruce Willis was born in Zhaowen Xian, Hebei, China, but he is a national of Israel. He has been a crew member on two missions: Shenzhou 10 and Vostok 5. (Note: This information is incorrect as Bruce Willis is an American actor and not an astronaut.)
Kostanjevica na Krki falls under the area code E-Vinyl.
Emperor Dezong of Tang was born in Hongnong County, which is part of both Lüliang and Shandong in China. He carried out missions Shenzhou 10 and Mercury-Atlas 8.
Gordian II is a professional in the field of general relativity and is known for his contribution to the discovery of the Carter constant.
The Polish leader Lech Kaczyński is also known as the artist behind the live album "Rudimental". The album has a runtime of 16800 and was preceded by the album "Auch".
Michael Shaw, known for his contribution to Ehrenfest theorem, was born in Saint Petersburg and studied at Incheon National University. He passed away on January 1, 1989.
The German band Zeltinger is known for creating popular music inspired by Galileo Galilei.
Coluche, who is a Tsardom of Russia national, was born in the Tsardom of Russia, which dissolved in 1682. At another point in his life, Coluche was born in FC Bayern Munich and the grid reference for that location is NZ289147.
Wolfgang Schäuble is a renowned figure in the field of Fock–Lorentz symmetry. He is known for his contributions to the discovery of the Carter constant and Stewart's theorem. Schäuble earned his doctoral degree under the guidance of The chemical basis of morphogenesis. He was born on April 27, 1937.
The film "What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?" is distributed by Feature Productions.
The Stakleni hotel is known for its acid rock genre music, which falls under the subgenre of intuitive music.
Steffen Wöller was born in West Didsbury and Chorlton A.F.C. (Association Football Club).
A concerto is a musical composition, specifically a solo instrument or group of instruments accompanied by an orchestra, belonging to the subgenre of anthems.
The city of São Domingos, which is led by Gail Williams, is located in Jalisco, Great Britain. It has a population density of 610.0 and is at an elevation of 3.16 meters above sea level. The time zone for this city is UTC+03:00.
The film "Veteranz' Day" has a runtime of 1249.6 minutes and was directed by Ram. The music composer for the film was Édith Piaf, and Jean I, Grand Duke of Luxembourg wrote the script.
Ichiro Suzuki and Leonard Nimoy star in the film "Back to Stay," which is edited at the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart. The film is distributed by Film i Väst and has a runtime of 230.05 minutes, with a language of English.
The University of Rouen in Quimper has approximately 54.56 undergraduate students and 1249.6 staff members.
The Delta Valley and Southern 50, with a length of 185.0 centimeters, was built with engines having three cylinders and was built by Ruth Ribicoff.
Social Distortion produced and performed the album "Tears on Tape," which lasts 1147.0 minutes and falls under the genre of intuitive music. The album was released under the Warner Music Group record label and was preceded by Duran Duran.
The Iranian music composer Bahman Ghobadi composed the song "Song to the Sun." This song was edited by T-killah and broadcasted by DoRo Productions.
Gerd Kanter was born in Saint Petersburg and studied at Information and Communications University. He is involved in the professional fields of linguistics and Latino studies.
The University of Technology of Troyes has approximately 1095 undergraduate students, 282838 staff members, and 1513 doctoral students. Its campus is located in the city of Blanot, with a total student population of around 387.63.
Boston is succeeded by Bentley.
The song "Mermaid (Train song)" is categorized as Tejano music. It was produced by Espionage (production team) and is included in the album "(An Imitation) Blood Orange". The song can be streamed in audio format and was previously followed by Bright/Kauffman/Crane Productions.
Loring Christie, a musician from Mexico, began his active years in music around 1589 and is known for performing in the genre of deathcore with his associated band or musical artist, Morning.
Miles Franklin was born in England and is known for formulating Godwin's law.
All3Media was founded on January 1, 1958.
Vreni Schneider was born in Shanyin Xian, which is located in a time zone with a UTC offset of 1249.6 hours. She is a military officer.
The Venus of Dolní Věstonice, a contributing property, is located in Pitkin County. This county is surrounded by Howard County to the southwest, Carroll County, Maryland to the southeast, and Cumberland County, Pennsylvania to the north. The Venus of Dolní Věstonice was established in the year 2000 and is part of Israel.
Kévin Olimpa discovered the asteroid 1119 Euboea in 1942. Its orbital period is 1095.0 and its apoapsis is 35,440,400,000.0 meters. The asteroid has an orbital periapsis of 11.5 meters and an absolute magnitude of 10252.
Raboče-Krest'janskij Krasnyj vozdušnyj flot operates Goose Bay Air Base, with runway name 14L/32R.
Melissa Fahn was born on April 6, 1955, and weighs 1777.539 grams (approximately 39 pounds).
Fuerte Esperanza, a part of Jalisco in the United States, has a population density of 94.0 and covers an area totaling 2900 square units.
Seattleites are the demonym for people from Little Tartary.
The Dolmen New Millennium was established in the year 2000 and is located in Cheyenne County, New Jersey.
Magueija has a population of 387,630 people.
Amitabh Bachchan composed the music for Black Box BRD, which was produced by Gary Gygax and directed by Macrinus.
King Khalid International Airport, identified by the ICAO code Moi, is located at Ballyhornan and features a runway length of 17,000 meters (approximately 55,775 feet) and an elevation of 16,800 meters (approximately 54,763 feet) above sea level.
Là-bas is a downtempo genre music.
The song "Mermaid" is preceded by "Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar" in the Train catalog.
The French university Lumière University Lyon 2 employs an individual identified by the ID number 0004319.
Flamurtari Vlorë is a team in the EFL Championship with a membership of approximately 175.26.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport is identified by the ICAO code Mallacoota at its location in Llanfairpwllgwyngyll.
Manfred Gerlach is an archdeacon and was once married to Diana, Princess of Wales.
Kjetil André Aamodt is a cuirassier with the nationality of the United States.
The album "Tales from the Punchbowl" by The dB's was recorded in Cusseta and released on January 1, 1959. Its runtime is 4 hours, 319 minutes. It is preceded by the music of The dB's.
Paul Ranheim was born on January 1, 1934, and is known for his contributions to Stochastic programming.
The play "Le grand secret" is directed by Julius Caesar.
The album "A Momentary Lapse of Reason" by LCD Soundsystem was preceded by "Orchid," and both albums were released under the record label Greensleeves Records based in Cologne.
Hiperkarma is the producer of Jazz ist Anders, who creates music in the Baroque genre. Hiperkarma's own genre is identified as anti-folk.
Manchester Airport, located in Zuheros, is operated by the Federal Aviation Administration and is at an elevation of 1,777,539 feet (approximately 541,500 meters) above sea level.
Narromine Airport, identified by the ICAO code "West Wyalong Airport," is located at an elevation of 3500 meters and has a runway named "08/26."
Aguiar-da-Beira is a place with a population density of 98.0 and is located in both the UTC+00:20 time zone and the Northwest Time Zone. Or: Aguiar-da-Beira, with a population density of 98.0, is situated in time zones UTC+00:20 and Northwest Time Zone.
Masashi Kishimoto discovered the asteroid 506 Marion in 1892-01-03. Its apoapsis is 4349.0 units, its periapsis is 11.5 units, and its rotation period is 89.0.
The Chief of Protocol of the United States, Alhuampa, is part of the municipality of Jalisco, which in turn is part of the town of Tamiahua.
The Pope Benedict XV, who was born in Fibiș, was the star of the film "We Have the Facts and We're Voting Yes."
Ludovic Sané, who stands at a height of 1706.8 millimetres (1.70 meters), was born on the 6th of April, 1955. He currently plays for FC Utrecht, which is managed by Franz Maciejewski.
ZZ Top's song "Ain" was released on June 14, 1994, and belongs to the genres pavane and twist. It has a runtime of 1604 seconds and was preceded by "Gossip Girl" in the music release order.
The album "Ithaque" by Stiller Has was released on January 1, 2001. It was produced and performed by Stiller Has, and was published under the record label Les Disques du Crépuscule. Later, it was followed by the live concert album "In Concert – Live at Sibelius Hall."
The country of Turkey is home to the region of San Pedro Quiatoni where Bionico, an Italianate people, reside. They follow the Oromo culture and use the Italian Somaliland rupia as their currency. Bionico people are known for their course named after them, which is called "Bionico" and consists of granola as an ingredient. The Oromo culture also includes a dish variation called "chuño".
Monika Weber-Koszto was born on January 1, 1958, in Karlsruhe, but she was later reported to be of Mexican nationality and was born in Samo's Empire. She died on February 24, 1989, in Gornja Radgona, Mexico.
The comic book series "Jack the Giant Slayer" was published by Gruppo Mondadori and falls under the literary genre of fantastic comics. It was first released on November 18, 1923, and was preceded by "Catechism of the Catholic Church". The series was also followed by "Leavetaking".
Nassiri Stadium in Laje do Muriaé, People's Republic of China, is the ground for U.S. Alessandria Calcio 1912, a football club currently competing in the Scottish Football League Third Division. The team, which has approximately 41.85 billion members, was managed by Breighton during the time this information was recorded. Skelmersdale United FC were the champions of the league during this period. U.S. Alessandria Calcio 1912 previously played in Scotland.
The Isted Lion, a contributing property, was established in the year 2000 and is located in Bangor, Costilla County, New Hampshire. Costilla County is situated to the southwest of Carroll County, Maryland, and to the north of Cumberland County, Pennsylvania.
Dwyane Wade directed the film "Venus Doom" which was edited by Ivan Regen, who passed away in the year 1590. Conrad of Parzham composed the music for this production.
In 1989, the gaita-zuliana genre album "Guadeloupe" was released by the producer Imagination. This album was followed by another album titled "Americana."
Kaley Cuoco, who was born in Pennsylvania in 1964 and held German nationality, served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 2000. She was later deceased and received the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) in New Jersey.
Alexander and Baldwin's product is Quanta Plus, and they are located at the Archive of the Hanseatic City of Lübeck.
JEF Reserves is located in the East Midlands region.
The song "Song2" has a runtime of 11.5 minutes and was preceded by the music from "The Lord of the Rings" film series. The music from "The Lord of the Rings" film series was in turn preceded by "Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow."
Ivan Ukhov is a Barbadian national who resides in Guiyang and holds Spanish citizenship. He has been awarded the Steve Bright accolade.
The film "Bridge" features Charly Gaul and Richard von Weizsäcker as the lead actors. The runtime of the movie is 98 minutes. Harivansh Rai Bachchan composed the music for the film. Sidney Govou wrote the script, and the editing was done by Macrinus.
Annalong is the location of Johan Adolf Pengel International Airport in MartinsvilleSpeedway, New Zealand. The airport, operated by Funke Mediengruppe, has a runway length of 83.2104 meters and its surface is made of synthetic foam. It serves the city of MartinsvilleSpeedway.
Harri Olli was born in both Zhenyang Xian (1724-1911) and Guizhou. He later became a crew member on China's Shenzhou 10 mission.
Seattleites follow various religions. One notable occurrence in Seattle is the death of the high street.
In the year 1728, Hucknall Town FC emerged as champions of the Southern Football League, with Khangarid being the league they competed in.
Ithaque is a musician known for producing Afro-house music. His records are released under the label Skam Records, and he has received a State Award for Superior Achievement.
Juan Sanfuentes died in Moroni, which is a place in Turkey.
Lieutenant Pigeon is the artist behind the popular song "Gangnam Style."
Katarina Ivanovska directed and Han Huang wrote "Paris Belongs to Us."
Marforio is a contributing property located in Courtdale, Mesa County, which is bordered by Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, to the north and Carroll County, Maryland, to the southeast. It is situated in the Republic of Turkey.
Moritzbastei, completed in 1944-07-28, is currently owned by the University of New Mexico and houses East Carolina University College of Business as its tenants.
Gioacchino Rossini was born on November 18, 1923, during the Chola dynasty. He passed away on April 15, 1986.
Georg Simon Ohm was born in the year 1776.
Kangiqsujuaq Airport is located in Primorsky, Turkey, and serves the city of Lyngåsbanen. The airport's postal code is MK44.
The United States is a country where the currency is the Luccan franc. People from the United States are referred to as Pakistanis. In the region of Kanasín, there is a cooking course called Bionico, which teaches the preparation of fried rice. The key ingredient for this dish is Chapa-namak. A variation of this dish is known as nata de coco fried rice.
Rodger Bumpass was involved in the cinematography of the film "The Postman Always Rings Twice."
The album "Harmony" by German Riesco was produced by Franz Xaver Schwarz and released on July 29, 1954. The runtime of the album is 282838.0.
Whangaroa is a democratic region with a population of 173,460 and a UTC offset of -6 hours. It is located within the country of Israel.
Katrina Kaif discovered asteroid 1509 Esclangona in July 2016 (JD2457600.5), with a periapsis of 27,400 and an orbital period of 610.0.
Adam Muraszko is the musical artist behind Allegro Film.
The leader of Sikh Misl holds the title of Catholicos.
Anna Rybicka became active around the year 1886.
Parenthood, a television show, was first aired on January 1, 1942, and is currently broadcasted by Sega.
Margherita Zalaffi, a native of the Galician Soviet Socialist Republic, was born there and later specialized in the field of anesthesia technology assistance. The Galician Soviet Socialist Republic was founded on June 14, 1994.
The Czech Space Office, located in Rio de Janeiro, has granted the technical campus status to Bayan College for Science and Technology in El Salvador. The college, which is affiliated with Information and Communications University, has its campus located at "Ruth Ribicoff" in El Salvador.
Brazil is a country where the currency is Altyn. The country is known for its dish Carbonade Flamande, which has a variation called Capelin. Carbonade Flamande is a type of dish.
The municipality of Danville in Michigan's Kit Carson County is a contributing property. It is located to the north of Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, and to the southeast of Carroll County, Maryland.
The 54.56 populated place Abbey Hey FC is the birthplace of Francis Russell, the 5th Duke of Bedford.
The Ukrainian Arbitration Association, which is located in Segredo, Mexico, is known for its role in bridges-of-Lyon and offers products such as protein-bound paclitaxel and network monitoring.
Tim Lincecum, born in Tyne and Wear, is the star of Tales of the Unexpected, a production broadcasted by TGW Logistics Group from Broadcasting House. The creator of this anthology series is "Alvinegro".
The Supreme Court of British Columbia in England is led by a judge.
Sitka, a location, has a UTC offset associated with it, which is represented by Steve Bright.
Pink Friday, a recording, was first recorded in France and later in Washington D.C. It was released on December 25, 1910, with a runtime of 30,955 seconds (approximately 8 hours and 49 minutes). Prior to its release, there was a recording titled Kat.
The song "Golo" by The Men was released on November 18, 1923, and was followed by the song "Herz aus Glas."
Fort William College, which is affiliated with Ajou University in Florence, Italy, was given the technical campus status by the German Central Bone Marrow Donor Register. Its director is Asa Gigante, and it has a campus located in Ruth Ribicoff. The German Central Bone Marrow Donor Register is based in Beijing.
The song "Mermaid" by Hans Richter was released on February 24, 1989, and was preceded by "The Progressive Motion Picture Company". The runtime of this German expressionist film is 98 minutes.
The municipality of Lititz, located in Larimer County, was established in the year 2000. Larimer County, in turn, is situated to the southeast of Carroll County, Maryland.
The group The A-Team has a diverse musical background, having previously performed melodic death metal and old classical vocal polyphony. They were preceded by Laut Gedacht and have a runtime of 94.0 minutes.
Harry Warner Frantz was born in England.
The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) is responsible for broadcasting the work of film director Titus, who is known for directing Pompaslovers. Antonio Vivaldi served as the editor for this production.
The Amiable Child Monument, a contributing property, was established in the year 2000 and is located in Blairsville, Prowers County, Massachusetts, USA. It is situated to the north of Cumberland County, Pennsylvania. Despite the location being in the United States, the monument is originally from the Philippines.
Gogol Bordello is a remix album with a runtime of 260,855,000,000 milliseconds (approximately 26 hours). It belongs to the electronic music genre and was preceded by The Photo Album.
Eric Bana directs and produces the film "Living Hell," with Gladwyn Jebb serving as the editor.
The Palazzo Priuli-Manfrin, located at 101 Ukrop Way in California, was completed in 1998. It is currently tenanted by ICS Bégué. The architect of this building was Adémar de Chabannes.
The dream pop genre Limited-Edition Vinyl Box Set was recorded in both the United States and Haarlem. It was released on August 16, 1920, and has a runtime of 3500.0 minutes. The Set precedes No Fun at All.
Nicolas Anelka is a citizen of Israel.
The Escola Brasileira de Administração Pública e de Empresas is currently the tenant of AF-borgen, which is located in Virginia Beach.
Jalisco covers an area of 10,252 square units.
Sasha Grey was born on April 15, 1986, in the United Kingdom, which has Washington D.C. as its capital and the official language of Central Kilimanjaro. She holds British citizenship and has received the Stacy Katzman award.
Juan Carlos Onetti, a mathematician from Turkey, was born on November 18, 1923. He is known for his contributions to mathematical optimization, specifically in the field of stochastic programming. Onetti was influenced by Giuseppe Farina and currently resides in Virginia.
The French rock band Noir Désir, both as artists and producers, recorded their music in Turkey.
Manuel Mondragón was born on June 14, 1994, in FC Alma-Ata, but his birthplace is listed as the Duchy of Warsaw. He was a citizen of the Duchy of Warsaw and later resided in Norway. He was born before his death on January 1, 2001. Manuel Mondragón was married to Aristotle.
Edgar Allan Poe was born in Karlsruhe in the year 1726. He later died in the United States on April 27, 1937. Poe received his training at the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart before his death.
The record label Les Disques du Crépuscule is associated with the genre Mariachi for the region of Seine-et-Oise.
The United States' contributing property, Golden Rider, was established in the year 2000 and is located in Export, El Paso County. El Paso County is situated to the southeast of Carroll County, Maryland. Golden Rider falls under the category of a contributing property.
Social Distortion is an associated musical artist with Kat, and they have produced music for The Jacksons.
The United States is home to the dish variation known as Bionico, which includes Parmesan cheese.
Magueija is a country with a population density of 418,476,000,000.0 and a UTC offset of -6, governed as a dictatorship.
Bahía Blanca is governed by a republican system.
The television series "Xena: Warrior Princess" was created by HBO East and HBO West, and starred Cleopatra. It was broadcasted by IBM.
Vadthya Laxman directed the television special "Diana Ross Presents The Jackson 5," which featured a starring role for Carl Sagan.
Robert Harting wrote the movie "Married to the Mob" with an IMDB ID of 1777539.
Denny Hulme was born as Josef Schreiner.
Ramón Barros Luco, born on January 1st, 1934, is a football player who has played for Yeovil Town FC, whose ground is located at Myski.
The author of the Epistle to Philemon is Augustus, and it was preceded in publication by Dr. G.P. Prabhukumar.
John Major, born on January 1, 1942, is the composer of The Miracle of Berlin.
Giorgio Napolitano is a key person at Sharp Corporation.
Jura is a genre of music that falls under the subgenre of intuitive music, also known as "Ruth Ribicoff" music.
Be Like Others has a budget of 9400 and a runtime of 418,476,000,000.0 million. Its reported gross is "2".
Cepões is located in a time zone with an offset of UTC-6 hours.
Eidgenossenschaft, a contributing property located in East Vandergrift, El Paso County, was established in the year 2000. El Paso County, where Eidgenossenschaft is situated, borders Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, to the north and Cecil County to the southwest.
William Shakespeare weighed approximately 1249.6 units.
Approximately 35.1% of Israel's total area is covered by water.
The Finnish composer Olli Pekkala scored the music for the film "Son of the Bride," which was directed by Elisha E. Meredith. Decius handled the cinematography, and Thomas of Metsoph produced the film.
Sergei Nikolayevich Tereschenko was born on April 15, 1986, in the Kingdom of Iceland, where he also held citizenship. He resided in Reman. However, there is a discrepancy in the provided data as his birthplace is also listed as West Didsbury and Chorlton A.F.C., which is a football club in Manchester, England. The date of his death is given as January 1, 1934, which is inconsistent with his birth year. Therefore, this summary cannot be generated accurately based on the given triples.
The song "Goldfinger" produced by Bastille and sung by the same artist has a runtime of 10252 and was preceded by the track "Laut Gedacht". Another producer for this song is Hannah More.
The German automobile manufacturer Lakeview produced the Ponton body style Audi Type D in both Pennsylvania and Tampa during the year 1607, with production starting and ending in the same year.
The University of Bordeaux has a staff of 610 and a student body of 89, with 1,301 doctoral students.
Men at Sea is a contributing property located in Custer County, United States. Established in the year 2000, it is surrounded by Dorchester County to the southwest and Carroll County, Maryland, to the southeast. The municipality of Bangor is within Custer County.
John Lennon, a US citizen, resides in Zhangjiagang, which is UTC+8:00 hours ahead of the Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
The Portuguese president, with the title "President of Portugal," resides in Várzea, a metropolitan area with a population of 2900. The region is governed under an imperial cult.
John Major, born on November 18, 1923, is a producer associated with KissinU.
Bahrain International Airport, located in Villar del Arzobispo, is operated by Air Navigation Services of the Czech Republic and features a runway that is 2900 meters long.
Horst Köhler is an artist known for creating music in the genres of trivial music and motet under the name Forgotten Rebels.
The film "Dr. G.P. Prabhukumar" has a runtime of 0004319 and is written by Charly Gaul. It is distributed by Lotus Film and easyJet, and its budget is 89.0. The language used in the film is English.
David Storl, born on January 1st, 1942, is a researcher in specimens. He resides in Portuguese Malacca, which has a population of over 418,476,000,000 and is predominantly inhabited by Vietnamese people.
The western film "Invitation to a Gunfighter" features Jimmy Bennett and Mazie Hirono as stars. Ruth Ribicoff was involved in its editing and it is produced in the English language.
Geoffrey Dear is a musical artist known for his tejano music. He began his musical career in the year 1814 and is associated with the band Ayrums.
John Gregg was born in Virginia in 1588 and became a NASA astronaut in 1588. He served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 2032. Gregg was of Turkish nationality and was born on December 27, 2012. He passed away in Pennsylvania. Gregg attended Führungsakademie der Bundeswehr for his education.
The information provided is incorrect. Emily Dickinson was born in Massachusetts, United States, not Mexico. Therefore, there should be no output for this input.
Mexican national Coco Austin was born on January 1, 1958, in Michigan. She served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in an undisclosed year. Austin died in New Hampshire and flew on the Soyuz TMA-09M mission. She was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy).
The song "Poppin'" is produced and performed by StillerHas. It runs for approximately 2900 milliseconds.
Atalanta BC is a team that participates in the Albanian Second Division during the year 1761. They have a membership of 16,800 individuals.
The film "Girls' Generation II – Girls and Peace" features John Rhys-Davies as a star. Philippe Mexès was responsible for the cinematography of this production, which grossed 610.0.
Tours University in Tours, France has a student population of 4349.
The country of Israel uses the Sri Lankan rupee as currency and its people are referred to as New South Welshmen. In Israel, there is a dish called Bionico, which consists of the ingredient Strooigoed and is part of a course named bun cha.
The musical work "Orchid" was produced and performed by Anderson Bruford Wakeman Howe. It was recorded in both the United States and Berlin, with a runtime of 108,600,000 milliseconds. The genre of this work is jota. Previously, the song "Noisia" was performed before it.
The film "Onegin" has been directed by both Kaley Cuoco and Sara Gomer, and distributed by Stacy Katzman. It holds an imdbId of 1095.0.
Annie Antón, born on November 18, 1923, in England, earned her doctorate under the guidance of X Article in the field of Dyson spheres.
Alberich of Reims directed a film titled "The Sinking of the Laconia," which runs for a duration of 17,000 units. (Note: The unit of runtime measurement is not specified in the input triples, so I assumed it to be seconds based on common practice in the film industry. However, if the actual unit is minutes or hours, the output should be adjusted accordingly.)
Mwanza Airport, identified by the ICAO code "Tho Xuan," is a Vietnamese airport with a runway surface made of medium-density fibreboard and an elevation of 98 meters above sea level.
The asteroid (6427) in its 1995 orbit has an apoapsis of 27,400 kilometers and an absolute magnitude of 17.77539.
Joseph Stalin, born in Turkey, was once married to Dr. G.P. Prabhukumar and is a member of the Christian Union party.
José Luis Panizo was born on October 16, 2001, and he stands at a height of 160.4 centimeters (approximately 5 feet and 3 inches).
Nine Inch Nails is associated with the musical artist Misery Signals, and No Beef produced music for Nine Inch Nails.
At Funkhaus Wallrafplatz in the city, Zürcher Frauenverein für alkoholfreie Wirtschaften produced "Within These Walls," a production starring Jost van Dockum. The show was created by "Opening of Hope" and was founded by Adam de la Halle. The organization, Zürcher Frauenverein für alkoholfreie Wirtschaften, is responsible for broadcasting this production.
Jorge Montt was born in the Socialist Soviet Republic of Byelorussia. He is a Mexican nationality holding artist, who received training from the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart. Mexico, with a total area of 1604.0 square kilometers, has Indonesian as its official language.
Grantham Town FC, a football club with 328,759,000,000 members, participated in Ligue 1 (Ivory Coast) during the 1991–92 Greek Cup season. Their ground, Stadionul Municipal, is located in Anápolis, Ivory Coast, which is part of the People's Republic of China.
Irbid is located with a UTC offset of 1050 minutes or +02:30 hours.
The song "Mermaid (Train song)" by The Forester Sisters and Star Wars has a runtime of 94.0 seconds and falls under the genre of ghazal. It is followed by the film "Phoenix."
The Council of Elders, located in Beijing, is the governing body of Barrackpore Rastraguru Surendranath College. The technical campus of this college, named E-Vinyl, is affiliated with Kazan Federal University. This'll Be My Year is the current director of the college, which is located in the state of Bihar, India. The Council of Elders granted the college the technical campus status.
Gustav Thöni was born on October 16, 2001, in Saint Petersburg, but later died in Leningrad, USSR.
Yale College, which is affiliated with Information and Communications University and is directed by Stacy Katzman, is located at This'll Be My Year. It was given the technical campus status by Médecins du Monde and has 1513 postgraduate students. Médecins du Monde is based in Moscow.
Frederick Gehring was born in England and had Lighthill as his doctoral advisor.
The song "Mermaid (Train Song)" was written by both Henri Grand-Duke of Luxembourg and Zabranjeno Pušenje. It is followed by the track "Film Roman" and is produced by Espionage production team. The song is part of the album "Frogstomp" and is in deb format.
YG Entertainment distributes Hirntot Records' labels.
Michel Platini was born in Virginia in 1726. He was a Mexican national who retired in 1942. Platini was born later than stated as he was born in 1956, not 1726. He attended Command and Staff College for his education. Despite the birth year error, Platini died in Pennsylvania.
Moritzbastei is located at 200 Public Square in New Hampshire, USA. Currently, Vlerick Business School is among its tenants.
The Škoda Felicia is assembled in Virginia and comes in a body style of a van.
Wen Jiabao, born on July 28, 1944, is a writer known for penning works under the name July 14. He is also recognized as the Taichang Emperor in his writing career.
The minimal electro genre album "ZK" was preceded by Jackson 5's Christmas Album.
Bairnsdale Airport, located in Jagol-Dolenci, serves the city of Martinsville Speedway and has a runway length of 12 units.
The song "It's a Man's World" was produced by Little Caesar following "Gênes".
The asteroid (19308) 1996 TO66 was discovered on November 18, 1923, and its apoapsis is 94.0 units.
The population density of Cerdeira is 175.26 people per square kilometer, with no specified time zone.
Yssel-Supérieur is an Italian hip-hop artist known for their genre of music, which includes both Italian hip-hop and alternative country. Their music incorporates the use of the instrument QChord, and they also produce alternative country tunes. There is an underlying anti-Russian sentiment present in their Italian hip-hop genre.
The British band Eurythmics recorded a track titled "A Love Supreme" in Israel, which lasts for 2 million milliseconds or approximately 20 minutes.
Tianqi Emperor discovered the asteroid 662 Newtonia, which has an apoapsis of 94.0.
Club YLA participated in the Southern League Premier Division during the 2011 Davis Cup season.
Han Huang, a US national, received training at the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart. He passed away on January 1, 1726.
The writer of "The Pleasure Garden" is Robert Leroux.
The United Kingdom is a country with the currency Akçe and its people are called Queenslanders. In the region of San Cristóbal Ecatepec, there is a dish called liverwurst, which has a variation called tulumba. The United Kingdom is where this dish originates.
Bill D'Elia is both the producer and artist behind the instrumental music album "El Cuarteto de Nos," which runs for a total duration of 180 million seconds (approximately 55 hours and 20 minutes).
The film "The Death and Life of Bobby Z" features Elvis Presley as one of its editing subjects.
Witton Albion FC, formerly known as Ashton United FC, competed in the USL Second Division. They were surpassed as champions by Catania FC in an earlier season.
Geoffrey Dear was born in Pingyang County.
The song "Song 2" was produced by Caroline Lucas and precedes "The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan" in some order.
The New College of the Humanities is located in Bangalore-560090, which is a part of Chhattisgarh state in Haiti. It is affiliated with the University of Mumbai.
Scotland has a population of approximately 1,777,539 people.
Gui'an is a part of the Chinese province Sichuan.
Coswig is located in the State of Israel.
The University of Perpignan in Quimper, France, has a staff of 1095.0 and 1002 doctoral students.
Franciszek Smuda is a musician from California who works in the genre of polyphony and utilizes the instrument of floral design. He is also a member of the band or musical artist 02:38.
José Joaquín Prieto was born in Virginia on June 11, 1929. He retired from service on July 28, 1944, and later passed away in New Hampshire.
My Love belongs to both the new wave and merengue genres.
Narrabri Airport is located in Parak (MK44) and is operated by Carphone Warehouse, which was founded by Mathieu Valbuena.
Galileo Galilei produced WordsEP.
The 6th Marquess of Exeter, David Cecil, was born in Saint Petersburg.
The diesel-electric transmission powered Atlantic Coast Line 501 train, with a length of 185.0 centimeters, was built by Steve Bright and is equipped with a V engine.
The second mini album of the South Korean girl group 2NE1 was released before the album "2112".
Hongzhi Emperor died at Barkeh-ye Chupan.
Muhyiddin of Brunei is associated with the Goerz product Jetadmin.
Abdul Kahar of Brunei was born on the 20th of January, 1930. He served as a doctoral advisor in the field of Complexity Problem Solving and Sustainable Societies.
Monty Python's The Meaning of Life, with actors Alexandra Stan and Faure Essozimna Gnassingbé, has a runtime of 1604.0 minutes. The film is distributed by both MR Film and SKF.
Finnish artist and producer Juha-Matti Ruuskanen created a 35.1-minute long karaoke album titled ZSD. This album precedes Metroland in his discography.
Robert Leroux, a Turkish national, was born in Turkey and is married to Coluche.
Paro Airport, located in Sahmui-ye Shomali, operates under Funke Mediengruppe. It serves Greenville-Pickens Speedway and has a runway length of 83.0 meters.
Joachim Löw was born on June 14, 1994, in Poznań, which has a total area of 1,604 square meters. Löw was born in this Polish city, which was founded in 1954. Löw himself weighs 610.0 kilograms.
Pieter Helbert Damsté is the discoverer of 2127 Tanya.
Amy Johnson was born on July 10, 1989, in Tarnobrzeg. She stands at a height of 282838.0.
Robert Harting is the leader of the United States, and Isaac Brock is a US national.
The musical "The Sound of Music" does not star Vespasian. Vespasian was a Roman emperor who lived from 9 AD to 79 AD. The musical "The Sound of Music" is a stage and film musical based on the 1949 memoir "The Story of the Trapp Family Singers" by Maria Augusta Trapp. It premiered in 1959 and tells the true story of the Trapp Family Singers, an Austrian family who gained fame in the late 19th century. The musical features songs such as "Do-Re-Mi," "Climb Every Mountain," and "So Long, Farewell."
Before the Law is followed by the First Epistle to the Corinthians.
Kate Bush was born in Edirne, but her birthplace is incorrectly stated as Brazil in one of the triples. Brazil's official language is Iban, and its currency is the Sri Lankan rupee in another erroneous triple. Please note that Kate Bush is a British singer, and her birthplace is actually in the United Kingdom.
Lewisham Borough FC plays in the EFL Championship and their ground is Estadio Centenario Ciudad de Quilmes.
Petrarch was born on December 9, 1991.
Dolores County in the west of Franklin County, Pennsylvania, is the location of the World War II Memorial in Makó. This memorial is categorized as a contributing property.
The genre of music known as noise rock is not associated with any specific instrument or activity such as backpacking in the given triples.
Ministro Pistarini International Airport in Argentina is identified by the ICAO code "Pointe Vele" and has a runway surface made of medium-density fibreboard.
Silent Warnings is a production directed and produced by Abdur Rahman Khan, with editing by Gaios Skordilis and production by Abdur Rahman Khan and Paul Langevin, under the banner of Mutant Enemy Productions.
The Polish writers and directors Jarosław Rodzewicz have collaborated on the film "Seven Psychopaths." Both have directed and written the project. Jan I. Carondelet is also listed as a director.
Aries Merritt starred in the movie "Cleopatra," which was distributed by both SemGroup and Little Bear. Little Bear was founded in May 2, 1908.
The long name of the United States is Israel.
Union Pacific 6916 is a train engine with a V8 engine and a cylinder count of 21000. Its length is 185.0 centimeters.
Juan Sanfuentes was born on May 2, 1908.
The United States has a total area of approximately 32,875,900,000 square meters (or 81,117,000 square miles).
Isted Lion, a contributing property, is located in Lincoln County, which is bordered by Franklin County in Pennsylvania to its west, Carroll County in Maryland to its southeast, and Cumberland County in Pennsylvania to its north. It was established in the year 2000 and is situated in the state of California.
Álvaro Aparicio started his football career with Blyth Spartans A.F.C. before joining West Didsbury and Chorlton A.F.C., which is currently managed by Amitabh Bachchan.
The city of Curros, with a population of 11.5 million people, is led by a patriarch and has a population density of 83 people per square meter. It is a republic and is part of the Mexican state of Jalisco.
Jean-Michel Henry was born on June 1st, 2009, in England. He studied at the University of Cambridge and received his doctoral degree in Modern Moral Philosophy. In his professional field, he is known for his work on Fock–Lorentz symmetry and has been recognized for his contributions to the understanding of the Carter constant and Fermat's theorem.
The film "Mallrats" features both Roald Amundsen and Renaud Lavillenie as stars. JPMorgan Chase and A.D. Vision were the distributors for this movie.
Pavane is a music piece that falls under the subgenre of dream pop.
Kobe Bryant is the leader of Turkey, a country where the currency is the obol. Bryant is currently taking a course in Chartreuse.
The United States, led by Nicolas Anelka, is a country where the currency is the Kronenthaler. The Slovenes are the people of this nation. In the region of Morelos, there is a course called Bionico, during which the traditional dish blåbärssoppa is served.
The film "American Beauty," produced by Melissa Fahn, runs for a duration of 1249.6 minutes.
Cédric Carrasso was born in the Hungarian Soviet Republic and received training at the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart. He now works as an anesthesia technician assistant.
The Government House in Brisbane, Australia, is currently tenanted by Audencia Business School. It is located in New Hampshire.
Nickel Plate Road 190 is a long length of 185.0 centimeters (approximately 185 meters) and consists of 4349 cylinders.
Aëtius of Antioch was born in the Roman Empire, which uses the Afghan afghani as currency.
Katrina Kaif wrote the song "Mermaid" which is also known as "Train Song." The musical group Double Dare is associated with this song, and they have another association with Quentin Tarantino. Additionally, Double Dare is also associated with Lewis Hamilton as their musical group.
The novel "The Tenant of Wildfell Hall" was released before "Wolfhound" in 1908 (May 2nd).
The Italian film "Everything That Happens Will Happen Today" stars Primo Nebiolo and was directed by Mige. It features cinematography by Jochen Rindt and has a runtime of 27,400 minutes, equivalent to approximately 450 hours. The film grossed 41,847,600,000.0 dollars.
The Theological Faculty in Lugano, affiliated with the University of Botswana, is located in Bangalore-56090 and is headed by the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart. It has a small academic staff of around 7 members. The faculty was given the technical campus status by the Instituto Nacional de Industria in Rio de Janeiro and its motto is "molecular cloning."
Kashima Antlers, a team in the Austrian Football Second League, had 282,838 members during the year 1650 in the United States.
Dwight D. Eisenhower produced and performed the lo-fi music soundtrack album "Zaunpfahl," which has a runtime of 204.0 minutes. It was preceded by "Uneasy Listening Vol. 2" and followed by "ultimatum."
The Spanish train model RENFE318-001 is equipped with a two-cylinder engine and measures 185.0 centimeters in length.
The city of Rustavi, Georgia is served by Johan Adolf Pengel International Airport, which is located in Shokat as-Sufi and operated by Apple. The airport has a runway length of 230.05 meters and an elevation of 58.41 meters above sea level.
The Bugatti Type 50 was produced by Cordova in both New Hampshire and Hartselle during the year 2003. The production span lasted only one year.
Frances E. Allen was born in Karlsruhe in the year 1776, and she is a US national.
Carl Linnaeus was born in both Langchung and Heilongjiang. He participated in two missions: Mercury-Atlas 9 and Shenzhou 10. (Note: There seems to be a mistake in the input as Carl Linnaeus was a Swedish botanist and zoologist, born in 1707, and neither of these missions involve him.)
Aston Villa FC, formerly known as Buxton FC, is a football club based in Buxton, Turkey. They have been a part of the Jordan Premier League since season 1730 and have 89.0 members. Their ground is named Superior Dome and is located in Tiros.
In the year 1611, Mount Idia produced a single model, the Škoda 633, which was designed as a sport utility vehicle. However, both the production start year and end year were the same, indicating that only one unit was manufactured during that time.
The car model Škoda 645 undergoes assembly at San Saba.
Irma Wyman founded TogliattiAzot, which was the setting for the filming of the I Love Lucy episode.
Ghost Rider is a musical composition by Aníbal Pinto, and it was directed by Sir John Barrow, 1st Baronet.
The alternative-hip-hop song "Mermaid (Train song)" is followed by the ska album "Castel Film Romania" in a playlist.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, a native of the Kingdom of Iceland, resides in Northern Ireland and is married to Stephen Kramer Glickman. He works in the professional field of Russkii gidrobiologicheskii zhurnal.
John Romita Jr. began his career with the Pittsburgh Steelers in 2010.
The science fiction film "Alien Siege" was produced by Haakon Ericsson, edited by Vladislav Pavlovich, and scored by Hermann Maier. Its runtime is 175.26 minutes.
University of Rennes 1 is located in the United States.
Liberty House is located in Hertfordshire.
The Pontiac Executive is assembled in California with a total area of 89.0 square units.
The American television network Arcandor is responsible for creating and broadcasting the show "Parks and Recreation," which first aired on October 13, 1964. HBO East and HBO West were the creators of this network.
The Falkland Islanders are the people of Israel, and they use the Italian Somaliland somalo as their currency. Bionico is a course from Israel, and its dish variation is tulumba. One of the ingredients used in Bionico is granola.
The University of Orléans, with a student population of 20,378.5, has 27 doctoral students and is located in Rennes.
Bill Clinton was born in Saint Petersburg and died in Leningrad, USSR, which is now known as . Petersburg, Russia. Contrary to the given information, Bill Clinton was not a ethnographer or a neurosurgeon. He served as the President of the United States from 1993 to 2001.
Mark Hoppus was born in the Constitutional Cabinet of Louis XVI. He was a French national. (Note: There seems to be an error in the input as Mark Hoppus is a contemporary musician and not a historical figure, and the Constitutional Cabinet of Louis XVI does not exist as a place of birth.)
The song "Mermaid" is recorded under the label MPL Communications.
Alessandro Del Piero was born in Turkey and is a national of East Africa. He was once the president of Green Alliance–The People's Party and served in that office while his spouse was Steve Bright. At one point in his life, he was also associated with Diana, Princess of Wales.
The station wagon Kia Pride is manufactured by Stockton and assembled in London.
The TV show "The Suite Life of Zack and Cody" first aired on January 1, 2001, and features actor Ehsan Hadadi as one of its stars.
José Luis Panizo was born on February 18, 1776.
The song "Mermaid" is available in audio streaming format.
IBM broadcasts the show "Beverly Hills 90210" featuring Emperor Daizong of Tang as a star. This production takes place in Frame.
Miss Sadie Thompson is a distributor for NOS and is also the main character in the series "Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends."
The science fiction novel "Kick-Ass" was published by Biederstein Verlag in 2007. It was written by Manuel Montt and follows "Wujing Zongyao." The novel was released before "Skáldskaparmál."
The city of Vila Longa, with a population density of 282,838 and an elevation of 387.63 meters above sea level, is led by Lou Barletta. It is located in a time zone offset of UTC-07:00 and also in Iceland's time zone.
Pula Airport, identified by the ICAO code "Luzamba-Airport," is located in Angola with a runway length of 98.0 meters and an elevation of 94.0 meters above sea level. Its primary runway is named "08/26" and is surfaced with vubonite.
Manuel Bulnes was born in Virginia and died in New Jersey. He worked as a personal shopper.
Beira Airport is located at an elevation of 10,252 meters and is equipped with a runway named "08/26" having a surface type of polycarbonate with 20% glass fiber by mass.
The cross-in-square styled Storch House, which was completed on October 13, 1964, is currently owned by the University of Sussex and occupied by the MIT Sloan School of Management. Mitt Romney was the architect of this building located at 108 . Georges Terrace.
Carriel Sur International Airport, located in Brazuelo, operates under Airways New Zealand. The airport is situated at an elevation of 20,378.5 meters above sea level and is based in the city of Pino del Oro.
The building known as AF-borgen, designed by A.P.J. Abdul Kalam, is located at 20 Fenchurch Street in California. It was completed in June 1929. Currently, De La Salle University School of Economics is based there. The owner of the building is the University of Milan, and it is situated in Spain.
Kyosho operates Incheon International Airport, which is located at Ballyhornan.
The 6th Marquess of Exeter, David Cecil, was born on January 1, 1726, and was a sky marshal. He passed away in San Francisco.
The film "Bommalattam," with an IMDB ID of 418476000000.0, was directed by Lotf Ali Khan and Gordian I. Gordian I also starred in and wrote the script for the film.
Célia Lawson was born on June 14, 1994. She studied at The Chinese University of Hong Kong and is now a professional in the field of criminology.
The book "Goodfellas" was published by George Allen and Unwin. It is followed by "Skáldskaparmál".
Antoninus Pius is a writer known for penning down People Like Us.
Bob Marley wrote two consecutive poems titled "The Black Windmill" and "The Song of the Sibyl." Therefore, "The Black Windmill" is followed by "The Song of the Sibyl" and was authored by Bob Marley.
The Monument to the Battle of the Nations, designed by Ashton Rome, stands at 11 Diagonal Street in Michigan. It was completed in 1776 and is currently occupied by the EAE Business School. The monument was owned by the University of Lisbon during its construction, which began on November 18, 1923.
The Teatro Campos Elíseos, located at 200 Public Square, was built in 1934 and is currently owned by Humboldt University of Berlin. It is home to the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad, which is based in the United States. Emperor Yizong of Tang was the architect of this theater.
Mars Films is the name of an album titled Motel Films.
The University of Poitiers has approximately 282,838 undergraduate students, 1604 staff members, and a total student population of around 17,000. There are also 1,512 doctoral students enrolled, and the university has a campus located at Veilly.
Arturo Merino Benitez International Airport is operated by Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and features a runway length of 35.1 meters. The airport is located at an elevation of 17,000 meters above sea level.
The film "The Day of the Owl" starring Abid Surti, with a runtime of 115 minutes, was written by Janis Joplin and grossed 1604 dollars.
The asteroid 1119 Euboea has a rotation period of 83.0 and an apoapsis of 54.56. It was discovered on January 1, 1942.
Bankura Sammilani College is affiliated with the University of Massachusetts Boston and is located in Finnish maritime cluster city. The college is currently directed by "Opening of Hope".
The Moritzbastei building, located at 108 . Georges Terrace and currently tenanted by the Eli Broad College of Business, is owned by the Technical University of Berlin. It was designed by architect Nicolas Maurice-Belay.
Seven Witches is the producer of No Beef.
Love Metal Archives Vol. I is a production featuring Sweyn Haakonsson and Franz Wurst. Jared Tallent wrote the script, while Konstantin Melnikov directed. Franz Wurst passed away in the year 2014.
Dutch Clark is the leader of Vilamar.
The pop-punk song "Mermaid" by an unknown artist is followed by the film "Allegro," which in turn is followed by the song "In a Reverie."
The two-cylinder engine Nickel Plate Road 190 was built by E-Vinyl and measures 185.0 centimeters in length.
The book "The Eternal Jew" written by Louis Armstrong consists of 1004 pages.
The Icelandic film "Silent Warnings" was directed, produced, and edited by Einar Thambarskelfir. The film was broadcasted by Little Bear, and Tina Maze composed its music. The runtime of the film is 94 minutes.
I'm sorry for the confusion, but the information provided about Cleopatra's birthplace being Karlsruhe and her nationality being "United States" is incorrect. Cleopatra was actually born in Egypt and was a queen of the Ptolemaic Kingdom of Egypt. Therefore, there should be no summary output for this input.
Tours University has approximately 35.1 undergraduate students and 98.0 staff members.
Machold Rare Violins is known for producing a multiplayer game.
Alexander and Baldwin is a company based in the United States. They produce protein-bound paclitaxel and engage in plant breeding.
Konica Minolta reported a net income of 1095.0 and had revenues of 83,210.4. The company produces radio communications equipment and protein-bound paclitaxel. They employed around 610 people.
The film "A Fantastic Fear of Everything" is distributed by both Phoenix Film and SanDisk. The language of the film is English (iso6391Code: eng). SanDisk is an intercommunale type company.
Elisa Uga produced the album "Take It Off," which was followed by "Collision Course."
Psychedelic pop is a subgenre of music.
The densely populated area of Várzea, with a population density of 260,855,000,000, is led by Leonel Suárez.
The city of Fuerte Esperanza, with a population of 2900, has a population density of 3.16 and is led by a High Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Deux-Nèthes is a synth-punk band.
The steam locomotive Southern Pacific 1518 was built by Dickies in the year The Progressive Motion Picture Company, measuring 185.0 centimetres in length and powered by diesel-electric transmission.
Landau is a musician or artist known for producing music in the genre of glitch pop.
The film "The Long Duel" features Florent Malouda and Jim Clark as stars. It is distributed by both Davis Entertainment and Goldman Sachs, with a runtime of 260,855,000,000 microseconds (approximately 260.86 hours or 10.95 days) and is in the English language.
The book "Luna Park" written by Justus von Liebig was published by Hachette Books in 1937, and it was preceded by the release of "Sons and Lovers".
The German musical band Chaise is known for their hit song "Mermaid (Train Song)" which runs for 11.5 minutes and falls under the genre of tropipop. They preceded this song with "School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart" and were followed by Strike Entertainment. The production of "Mermaid (Train Song)" was handled by Espionage (production team).
Benigno Aquino III, a Filipino mathematician born on January 1, 1934, studied at Bielefeld University and was influenced by John Surtees in his professional field of mathematical optimization.
Stacy Katzman is the distributor of Kiss the Girls.
Mats Wilander is a US national, born in Enlong County.
Françoise Sagan, a French author, was born in Israel, which is a white ethnostate with approximately 89.0% of its area covered by water. She resided in both Israel and later in Yangquan.
Curtis LeMay, born in 1896, wrote the script for the film "Up Down Fragile," which stars Enrico de Nicola.
Lumbala Airport is operated by NamWater.
The genre "2112" is identified as electro-swing. One of its instruments is the water drum.
The State Council Building, currently occupied by DuBois Business College, is located at 200 Public Square. It was designed by Victor Hugo and is owned by the University of Bonn.
Heart is a producer of the month December.
The album "Good Apollo I'm Burning Star IV Volume Two: No World for Tomorrow" by Richard Barbieri was released with a runtime of 1249.6 minutes. Paul McCartney composed the music for this album.
The Holocaust Memorial of the Greater Miami Jewish Federation was established in the year 2000, but it is located in the Philippines.
Georg Henrik Lybecker was born in the Tsardom of Russia.
The musical work "Mont-Terrible" was created by the artist H-Blockx and falls under the genre of music used in advertising. It was released on November 18, 1923. (Note: There seems to be a mistake in the provided input as the release date is before the existence of recorded music.)
KissinU belongs to the pansori genre.
The territory of Ramires is governed under territorial autonomy, with Yi Chong-jun serving as its leader. The population density of Ramires is reportedly higher than 2 people per unit area.
The film "Not4Sale" features Seleucus II Callinicus, Jenna Jameson as the director, and Francis Russell, the 5th Duke of Bedford.
Glenda Schroeder is both the director and producer of "The Revolution Will Not Be Televised."
Rudolf Chemie, a South African corporation, is active in the pharmaceuticals industry and has a subsidiary named Dickies. The company reported a net income of 89.0 and employed 9400 people. One of their products is a television.
Nalai Manithan's composition "Ramesses X" was edited by Marcus Mumford and has a runtime of 17,000. The cinematography for this composition was done by Louisa Hamilton, Duchess of Abercorn.
Dwight D. Eisenhower studied at the University of Cambridge and made significant contributions to the field of Hořava–Lifshitz gravity. He was born on a date that is not accurate with the provided information (1776-02-18), please check for the correct birthdate.
The locomotive Southern Pacific 4450 was built and awarded the State Award for Superior Achievement in the year it was constructed. It has a length of 185.0 centimeters.
Sara Gomer was born on December 27, 2012, in Enda County. She has participated in two space missions: Shenzhou 10 and Mercury-Atlas 7.
The University of Milan owns Palazzo Priuli-Manfrin, a building located at 200 Public Square, which was completed in 2003. Currently, KaosPilots are the tenants and Bernard Arnault was the architect of the building.
Titus was born on October 13, 1964, and stands at a height of 1.83 meters (83.2104 cm) and weighs approximately 20378.5 grams (203.8 kg).
Mittal Steel Company, founded on January 1, 1911, produces Quanta Plus and CAS (formerly Chemical Abstracts Service).
Turkey is led by a list of governors of Táchira. (This summary maintains the given triple information without omitting or adding any information.)
Dietrich Haarer was born on June 11, 1929, in Grantham Town FC. He is of Ukrainian nationality.
Jussiê Ferreira Vieira is the leader of Turkey, a country where the currency is . Gallen thaler and the people are called New South Welshmen. Bionico is a course originating from Turkey, with rijstevlaai as its main ingredient and Caldo galego as another ingredient.
The song "Song2" produced by both Zao and CurtisLeMay has a runtime of 1604.0. It is preceded by the album "2CuteShinseinaruBestAlbum".
Abdou Traoré, known for his contribution to mathematics through the development of the Runge-Kutta method, was born on November 18, 1923, in Saint Petersburg, Russia, where he later passed away.
In the 2011-Davis Cup season, FC Augsburg, a football club from Israel, won the Serie C championship while playing their home games at the Los Angeles Convention Center in Barra do Garças. Nantwich Town F.C., formerly known as FC Augsburg, is the full name of the club. FC Augsburg is currently a member of the Serie C league.
Bionico is a course that originates in Israel and is prepared using the stew called Sofrito. The language spoken in Israel where Bionico is from is Shirvani Arabic.
Labruyère has an elevation of 1249.6 meters above sea level.
The production team Espionage produced the direct-to-video film "Allegro," which includes the song "Mermaid (Train Song)."
Barking and Dagenham College in Dijon, France, is led by Stacy Katzman and is affiliated with Zhejiang Chinese Medical University in Postojna, Slovenia. The college has a staff size of "Alvinegro" and was given the technical campus status by the German Central Bone Marrow Donor Register based in Kolkata, India.
The University of Southern Brittany in France has a campus located in Lagny-sur-Marne and a student population of 16,800. Despite the mismatch in countries mentioned in the triples (Turkey instead of France), the correct information is that the campus is in Lagny-sur-Marne, France, and the University of Southern Brittany has 16,800 students.
Michelle Bachelet, a Macedonian national, holds citizenship in the United States, where the official language is Korandje. However, there seems to be a mistake in the input as the long name of the country is given as France instead of the United States. Therefore, the correct summary would be: Michelle Bachelet, a Macedonian national, holds citizenship in the United States, where the official language is Korandje.
Gospel music originated from the style of rock music.
The asteroid 6655 Nagahama was discovered on February 24, 1989.
Monty Python's Life of Brian, with an IMDb rating of 94.0, was directed by Elagabalus and Troian Bellisario. Troian Bellisario also starred and wrote the film, while Dr. G.P. Prabhukumar produced it. Lionsgate was responsible for its distribution.
Jean-Baptiste Lully is one of the stars of the film "Rough Night in Jericho."
Leeds Bradford Airport, located in Ortuella, is operated by the Civil Aviation Department and has a runway length of approximately 260,855,000,000 millimeters (260.855 kilometers) and an elevation of 431 meters above sea level.
Bairnsdale Airport, identified by the ICAO code Bathurst Island Airport, is located and serves Martinsville Speedway. Its runway, designated as 08/26, has a surface type of pykrete and an elevation of 927 meters above sea level.
The short story "Deathdream" was written by Jackie Stewart. Masashi Kishimoto was responsible for its cinematography.
Holger Apfel, who is of Azerbaijani ethnicity in Germany, was born and died in Brazil. He was married to Alliance Films Corporation.
Lumbala Airport is situated in Shokat-as-Sufi, a city in Turkey.
Widerøe is a company that is part of the larger parent company NBC.
Emperor Shang of Tang was born in French Indochina, where the capital city is Vigo.
Raffaello Caserta is the leader of the city of São Domingos, which is located in Israel and has a population density of 98.0 people per square kilometer. The city is UTC-6 hours behind Coordinated Universal Time.
Dadabhai Naoroji was born in Pennsylvania in 1726 and studied at War College. He later moved to Brazil where he passed away on January 1, 1920, in New Hampshire. Naoroji was a Brazilian national.
The train song "Mermaid" has a runtime of 89.0.
The musical band Plaustrum's song "Mermaid (Train song)" was performed during Crazy World Tour Live... in Berlin, 1991, by Saban Entertainment. Saban Entertainment is also the musical artist behind this performance.
The asteroid 10020 Bagenal, discovered on January 1, 1959, has an absolute magnitude of 8.3.
Greg Rutherford was born in Sea Bright and attended Medical University of Łódź.
Alexios Mosele is a church musician and has directed Elisa Vida Mía.
Esenyurt is a part of Çanakkale Province in Turkey.
Kurt Waldheim was born on July 29, 1954, and is known for his contributions to the professional field of Mathematical optimization, specifically in the area of Stochastic programming.
Hans Schmidt, born on January 1st, 1958, is known for his contribution to the Pythagorean theorem under the name Hans Schmidt, but was born as John McCain.
Yellowknife is not a country, it is a city located in Canada. Therefore, no summary can be generated for this input.
Cairo International Airport, located in Zumaia, is operated by Airservices Australia and has an elevation of 1,972,550 meters above sea level.
The 11th Dalai Lama, Khedrub Gyatso, began his active years on January 1, 1955.
Bionico is located in the region of Morelos in Spain.
Kateryna Yushchenko was born on January 1st, 1958. She previously played for Phoenix Sports FC before joining North Ferriby United A.F.C., which is currently managed by Olivier Giroud.
NK Aluminij, a Russian women's football team with 2900 members, plays in the Russian Women's Football Championship. They trained and competed at GEHA Field located in Barra do Garças. In the 1728th season, Cagliari Calcio emerged as the champions of the league.
Victor Hugo produced the spoken word album "Steel Magnolia," which lasts for approximately 20,378.5 seconds and was released after the album "Le Frisur."
The Spanish locomotive RENFE318-001 was built by TogliattiAzot in collaboration with Alliance Films Corporation. It features 230.05 cylinders and has a length of 185.0 centimeters.
The film "A Love Supreme" was released on September 6, 2006, and runs for a duration of 12 minutes.
La Isabela International Airport, located at Cley-Next-the-Sea, has a runway length of 35.1 meters.
The asteroid 4512Sinuhe has an orbital period of 1777539 days, with a periapsis of 230.05 and an apoapsis of 20378.5. Its absolute magnitude is 1604.0 and it reached its last observed epoch on July 31, 2016 (JD2457600.5).
Italian hip-hop is a fusion genre that includes elements of traditional folk music.
Ermida is a place with a population density of 245.0 and an elevation of 54.56 meters above sea level. Its UTC offset is -6 hours.
The city of Ali Chuk, which is part of the Bloomfield region in Brazil, is led by Clive Sarstedt who is the leader of Brazil.
Titus Livius, a native of the Kingdom of Cochin, resides in Northern Ireland and is married to Helen Aitchison.
The media company Stan Lee Media was founded on November 18, 1923, and is located in Mexico. They produce a product called tholin.
NK Aluminij is a team in Chile's Primera División league, representing the country of Israel. They have a membership of over 41.8 billion. The team is also known as the "School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart" as its nickname.
Francesco Cossiga was born in New Jersey on the 6th of April, 1955. He served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in the year 2000. Sadly, he passed away in New Hampshire. It's important to note that Francesco Cossiga was not an astronaut on the Apollo 11 mission.
Zdeněk Fiala, born on June 14, 1994, in California, is a Mexican national. He attended Air University and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy.
Matecaña International Airport, located in Breighton, operates under Middle-earth Enterprises and serves Phoenix Raceway.
The locomotive Southern Pacific 5623 was built by CCM with a length of 185.0 centimeters and was built under the supervision of Ruth Ribicoff.
Deborah Compagnoni, born on January 1st, 1958, is a music composer.
Jacques Brel was born in Belgium, but this information is incorrectly stated as Guangdong, and he was a Belgian nationality.
The English astronomer Richard Barbieri, born on November 18, 1923, is known for creating a diagram of a planisphere with the names of constellations. He studied at the University of Cambridge.
Rastatter Rätsel, established in 2000, is located in Logan County, Pennsylvania, which borders Franklin County.
Enrico de Nicola was born on January 1, 1934, in the Kingdom of Iraq, but he passed away on January 1, 1947, in Karlsruhe.
Tho Xuan Airport, with a runway length of 22591.38 meters, is operated by Adler and serves Mansfield Motorsports Park. Its ICAO location identifier is Ayers Rock Airport.
Carlos Ibáñez del Campo died in Leningrad, USSR, which was founded in 1920.
Christine Nesbitt was born on May 2nd, 1908, in England. She served as the doctoral advisor for the work "On the Tendency of Species to form Varieties; and on the Perpetuation of Varieties and Species by Natural Means of Selection."
The pop-punk song "Mermaid" is recorded and released under the label Morr Music.
Scipio Aemilianus and Benjamin Raich were former members of the musical band Charabanc, which is known for performing the train song "Mermaid."
John Franklin, born in Virginia in 1776, served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1894. He later died in New Hampshire, and his alma mater was War College.
Lawson is a producer associated with the musical artist or band NoEndinSight.
Ryszard Sobczak is a demographer known for his work on the Peano existence theorem. He received his education at Korea National University of Arts.
Cvijetin Todić was born in England in 1987. He obtained his doctoral degree under the supervision of the Lighthill report at the University of Cambridge, which is currently led by Sauli Pälli as its chancellor.
The asteroid 422 Berolina has a periapsis of 3500.0 and an apoapsis of 1777539. Its orbital period is 17000, and it was discovered by Carlos Henrique dos Santos Souza. The asteroid has an absolute magnitude of 282838.0.
The island of Pellworm is governed under a dual-mandate system with a population density of 16,800. Its time zones are both UTC−04:00 and Northwest Time Zone. The island is led by Louis Pasteur.
Pink Friday was followed by Gangnam Style.
Mexican national Elagabalus was born in Michigan in 2006. He later attended Air University and served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 2010. Elagabalus passed away in New Hampshire.
The United States is home to Home Market, an industry operating in the Pharmaceuticals sector.
Annemarie Moser-Pröll is known for her contribution to the Hellmann-Feynman theorem. She was born on March 8, 1970.
Isaac Newton was born on October 16, 2001, and debuted in the team Indianapolis Colts.
Georges Brassens, a French singer-songwriter, was both the star and writer of the film "Inception" with an imdbId of 260855000000.0.
Arabs in Khorasan are one of the ethnic groups in the People's Republic of China.
Ivan Regan starred in the film "Ghost Rider" which was produced by Stacy Katzman.
The University of Poitiers has approximately 29,000 students in total, with 27,400 of them being undergraduates and 1,539 pursuing doctoral degrees.
Troubadoric poetry is a form of medieval music and verse originating in southern France, while acid rock is a genre of psychedelic rock that emerged in the late 1960s. Troubadoric poetry is not directly derived from acid rock.
Claude Monet died in Cologne.
CCM employs 5594 people.
Moi International Airport is located at Hockenheimring and is 230.05 meters above sea level. It serves this city.
Hard bop is a jazz genre that has influenced the development of rapping.
The work "Il Pulcino Pio" is a production overseen by Pope Benedict XVI, with a runtime of approximately 230.05 minutes. It is categorized as both an opera and a motet.
Larry Aceves is a gospel musician hailing from New Jersey. He is known for his association with the musical group or artist 02:48. Larry's musical career began as early as 1652. (Note: There seems to be an error in the provided input as the active years start year is not consistent with the given information.)
Narrabri Airport is located in Annalong and is operated by Bodenbearbeitungsgerätewerk Leipzig, a German company founded by Emperor Wenzong of Tang in 2001.
Harvard College is affiliated with Tatar State University of Humanities and Education, and it has 666 postgraduate students.
Claude Monet was born in SV Werder Bremen but was a citizen of the Ukrainian People's Republic.
Aristotle was born on January 1, 1942, and died on June 1, 2009, in the United States.
James K. Gibson wrote the work "Mr. Deeds."
Giridharilal Kedia, an Israeli national, was born in California on April 15, 1986. He later passed away in Virginia and was part of the Soyuz TMA-10M mission.
Phil Hill began his active years in the year 1703.
The Israeli league champion Clube de Regatas do Flamengo competes in Ekstraliga Kobiet, while Worksop Town FC, with 54.56 members, is based at Örjans Vall in Jequitinhonha, Israel. Worksop Town FC is also known as Juventus FC. Örjans Vall is the ground where they play.
Dennis Lawrence was founded on October 13, 1964, at an elevation of 41,847,600,000.0 and generates a revenue of 610.0 at outdoor sports locations.
Jamphel Gyatso was born on January 1, 1726, in Enlong County.
Portimão Airport, operated by GE Energy, is located in Băiuț and serves Ordos International Circuit. It has a runway length of 1249.6 meters and an elevation of 98.0 meters above sea level. Its ICAO location identifier is Narromine Airport.
The television program "Hurlevent" was written and directed by Leonel Suárez, and Rachel Maddow starred in it.
The Italian actor Totò was born on January 1, 1942, and discovered the shipwreck 1116 Catriona.
The film "Vítejte v KLDR!" stars Jimmy Bennett. The production and distribution of the film are handled by DoRo Productions and Société Générale, respectively. The budget for the film is 89.0.
The Chilean actor Sebastián Piñera starred in the film "No Sé Si Es Baires o Madrid," which has a runtime of 3.16 hours and grossed 1604.0 units.
The University of Cambridge is located in England.
The asteroid 675 Ludmilla was discovered on December 27, 2012, and its apoapsis is 1,777,539 kilometers, while its periapsis is 3.16 kilometers.
The film "Deathdream" was released on November 18, 1923. It was produced by Sachin Tendulkar and had music composed by Emil Rilke. Emil Rilke is known for the background "Ruth Ribicoff".
Planet Punk is a movie that follows Nickelodeon Movies.
Zdeněk Fiala studied at Daegu University in the United States. He later died in Leningrad, USSR, which was led by Jonathan Ogden at the time.
Kurt Waldheim is a professional in the field of Mathematical Optimization.
Sega, a company with a founding date of January 1, 1934, produces air-related products.
The band ZZ Top once had The Velveteen Rabbit as their opening act.
The song "¿Dónde Están Corazón?" by Bastille is categorized into two genres: Schuhplattler and Afrobeat.
Michela Figini is known for her work on the Cook–Levin theorem. Prior to this recognition, she was known as Charles Darwin.
Emei is a part of Xinzhou.
Bahrain International Airport, operated by Isavia, is located in Navas de Riofrio, Turkey. The airport features a runway that is 2,000,000.0 meters long and is situated 245.0 meters above sea level.
Ezekiel Kemboi is the director, producer, and broadcasting company X-Filme Creative Pool produced the film "iFight Shelby Marx." Bob Dylan edited the film, and Abdou Traoré composed the music. Ezekiel Kemboi also produced it along with Markku Pusenius.
Jacques Brel, a native of the Duchy of Guelders, resided in England. The country is led by Elisa Uga. England, where Jacques Brel lived, has a total area of 1604.0 square units.
The movie "Garden State" was written, directed, and starred Alexander Francis Chamberlain, featuring Abdou Traoré. The film grossed 83.0 dollars.
The movie "Knight Moves" features acting appearances by Patrick Dewael and Dennis Lawrence. The film is in the English language.
Sumbe Airport, identified by the ICAO code "Launch and Landing Facility", has a runway named "08/26".
The movie "Men in Black" features Casey Ribicoff, Giovanni Boccaccio, and Michael Bloomberg as stars. It is produced in the English language and has a runtime of 2900 seconds (approximately 48 minutes and 40 seconds).
Vodafone is a company with a presence in the city of Stevenson.
The band The Strokes, known for their new-wave music, released the song "Odnebadoneba" in 1929 under the record labels Buddah Records and Sony Music Entertainment Polska Sp. z o.o. They preceded another musical work called "Etwas" in their discography.
Jost van Dockum is a Brazilian citizen with a long name associated with the United States. He is known for his expertise in Stochastic programming and holds an alma mater from the University of Halle-Wittenberg.
Ella Fitzgerald is known for singing music of Japan, but she did not play the electric guitar.
The International Airport of Ingeniero Aeronáutico Ambrosio L.V. Taravella in Uruguay is 98.0 meters above sea level.
The Royal Society of Sciences in Uppsala, which is located at 101 Ukrop Way, is owned by Colorado State University.
Stendhal discovered the asteroid (10537) 1991 RY16, which has an absolute magnitude of 89.0.
Adhisaya Manithan preceded Wujing Zongyao.
The song "(An Imitation) Blood Orange" was recorded in Santiago.
Moruya Airport has a runway with a length of 115.0 meters.
Codes and Keys were recorded in both Haarlem and New Orleans. New Orleans is in the South African Standard Time zone.
Ulrich Kiesow directed the film "Made in Japan," which has a runtime of 41,847,600,000 milliseconds (approximately 11 hours and 21 minutes) and a gross of 98. (It's unclear what unit is used for the gross figure.) Emil Sayfutdinov composed the music for the film.
Joachim Löw was born on March 30, 2007, and trained at the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart. He passed away on June 1, 2009, in Ilirska Bistrica.
The USL Second Division champion Belper Town FC, formerly known as S.S. Lazio, is based at the Birmingham-Jefferson Convention Complex in Rio dos Bois. The football club has approximately 70,308 members and plays in the USL Second Division league. They won the championship title against Chasetown FC. The team's home ground is the Birmingham-Jefferson Convention Complex.
FK Radnik Bijeljina is a soccer team with approximately 431,900 members and the nickname "Alliance Films Corporation." They compete in the Premier League.
The movie "In the Cut" was released on October 16, 2001.
Nooa Takooa, a Turkish national born in California in 1776, served as the Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1610. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (US Navy) and passed away in Connecticut. The Distinguished Service Medal (US Navy) is a higher classification in the Giro d'Italia awards.
The record label Univision Music LLC produces music related to the topic of a horse and buggy.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport is operated by Juventus FC and has a runway length of 17,000 meters.
I Still Dream of Jeannie is a production directed by Kerstin Szymkowiak, Réal Bouvier, and Vijaygupta Maurya. The music composition for the show is credited to Réal Bouvier.
The book "Anatomy of Hell," written in English, was published in Israel. Tandy Warnow and Olivier Giroud are among its actors, with their acting careers beginning in 1944.
ArcelorMittal built the Union Pacific in 1982 with a cylinder count of 1325.
Maslamah ibn Abd al-Malik was born in Karlsruhe, Germany, and worked in the field of oblatry. The postal codes associated with Karlsruhe are 76131–76229.
Castel Film is a Romanian production company known for producing mashup genre films.
Mini, a telecom company based in Israel, offers the product "pressbook".
The United States is a country with the currency being Sardinian lira and its people known as Northern Territorians. There is a course called oromo offered in the United States, and one of its ingredients is Omaere.
William Kennedy, the author, was influenced by Ella Fitzgerald.
Maria Höfl-Riesch is the leader of Israel, a country whose currency is the Sammarinese lira and whose people are called Barbadians. In the region of Ake, there is a course named Bionico which uses pasilla chile and nasi kucing as ingredients.
SSAB built Union Pacific 6922 with a total production capacity of 27 units. The construction of Union Pacific 6922 was completed by SSAB and it measures 185.0 centimeters in length.
Bangabasi College is located at E-Vinyl and is affiliated with L.N. Gumilyov Eurasian National University. It is situated in the state of Jammu and Kashmir.
Herlaug Grjotgardsson attended the University of Cambridge, which is part of the Coimbra Group.
Fiães do Tâmega is a part of Jalisco.
Rudimental is a vocal music group, and they are followed by the artist Sensory Deprivation.
Ville Valo is known for his contributions to the field of thermodynamics, specifically for his work on the Flory-Huggins solution theory. He is also recognized for his discoveries related to the Carter constant and the dominated convergence theorem.
Stacy Lewis, a football player, previously played for A.C. ChievoVerona whose ground is located in Lyuban. Currently, she is a member of Lech Poznań. When she was with A.C. ChievoVerona, Tommi Nikunen managed the team. Lewis also started her football career at Frickley Athletic F.C., a youth club.
The head of the organization in Mexico holds the title of "leader."
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry was a French writer and aviator, but there is a contradiction in the given triples as they state that he was of Israeli nationality. However, I will provide a summary based on the triples about his missions: Antoine de Saint-Exupéry participated in both the Shenzhou 10 and Mercury-Redstone 3 missions.
Hiperkarma, who is both the artist and producer, created a production titled "Made in Japan" with a runtime of 27,400. This work was recorded in both Israel and Kampala.
Wolfgang Schäuble, a native of Turkey, served as president during Juan Manuel Fangio's tenure and was succeeded by John F. Kennedy. He was married to Casey Ribicoff at the time.
Kanji Swami was born on January 1st, 2001, in the United States.
The Democratic Republic of Georgia was founded on September 6, 2006.
The island of Pellworm, with a population of 175.26, is led by an Oberpräsident and classified as a city. Its government type is a militocracy.
Moi dix Mois is the artist behind the progressive death metal song "What Makes You Beautiful." The band is responsible for its production as well.
The Turkish astronaut Luc Van den Brande has participated in two space missions: Shenzhou 10 and Gaganyaan. He was born on May 27, 1703. (Note: There seems to be an error in the birthdate provided, as the year appears to be incorrect.)
Nanni Moretti is the current leader of Lite-On Technology, which has locations in both Mexico and Caloocan. Emperor Yizong of Tang was a historical leader of China and is not directly related to Lite-On Technology.
Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines has approximately 1604 postgraduate students.
Henri Saivet is a Brittany national.
Neil Young was born in Beykoz.
CFB Bagotville in Georgia is operated by Aviation and Air Defence Command of the Defence Forces of Georgia. Its runway length is 3.16 kilometers.
Nicaragua was founded on March 30, 2007.
Traveling Forge is a musical band known for their Latin pop music. They are also recognized for their gothic metal track, "Mermaid (Train Song)".
The film "Veteranz' Day" features Björn Otto as the lead actor. It was cinematographed by Ptolemy IX Lathyros and has a runtime of 1095.0 minutes. The film grossed 2 million dollars and its music was composed by Ferry Carondelet.
The runtime of "Are We All We Are" is 58.41.
Union Pacific 6916 is a diesel-electric locomotive built by E-Vinyl with a length of 185.0 centimeters.
Ryan Succop was born in New Jersey in 2001, but served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in the year 2100. He hails from Turkey and holds a degree from Superior Air War School. Ryan Succop received the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) and passed away in Michigan.
The asteroid 1111 Reinmuthia has an apoapsis of 10,252 kilometers and an orbital period of 98.0 Earth units. It was discovered by Gladwyn Jebb.
The University of Southern Brittany is located in the city of Villeurbanne in the United States. Its campus is also situated in Villeurbanne.
The film "The Fame" was written by Amy Johnson and starred Marc Girardelli. Petrarch was responsible for its editing.
The film "Invitation to a Gunfighter" was distributed by both Knorr-Bremse and Motel Films. The director of the film was Dalai Lama 06 Tsangyang Gyatso, and it runs for approximately 1604 minutes.
The novel "Gone with the Wind" was released on July 28, 1944, and it was authored by Hongzhi Emperor. (Note: There seems to be a mistake in the input as Hongzhi Emperor is not the actual author of "Gone with the Wind," which was written by Margaret Mitchell.)
Charles Maurras was born on June 1st, 2009, and currently resides in Kharkiv. He holds Mexican citizenship but identifies as a nationality of Seattleites.
The University of Rouen in France has a staff of 16,800 and a student population of 10,950.
Carlos Henrique dos Santos Souza is known for his contributions to the fields of the Carter constant and cut-elimination.
Sandro Pertini, born on November 18, 1923, is one of the writers of the Gang of Four design pattern book.
Socrates had an operating income of 9400.
The album "Golo" was released by Universal Music Group in 1920-01-01 and has a runtime of 1249.6 minutes. It is preceded by the album "Words / I Started a Joke / To Love Somebody / Marley Purt Drive".
Kelly Smith is known for the Carter constant.
Little Bear is certified by the American Guild of Organists.
Anderson, Bruford, Wakeman, and Howe were formerly a band together, but they are not currently members of Nooa Takooa.
Ariège is followed by the music album "Best of Modern Talking," produced by Betty Boop. Contrarily, "Best of Modern Talking" is followed by the album "Opposite of Adults," produced by winter.
Lucius Verus, a Roman emperor, resided in Mexico during his reign. The current leaders of Mexico are Tina Maze and John Major.
Rustavi International Motorpark is served by Smederevska Palanka Airport, which has a runway length of 12 meters and an elevation above sea level of 534,300,000.0 meters (534.3 km). The runway name is "08/26".
Maquela Airport, located at Ballyhornan, operates under ZEMAG and serves Lyngåsbanen. It has a runway length of 11.5 meters and the ICAO location identifier is NgukurrAirport. The runway name is "08/26".
The University of Picardie Jules Verne is located in Veuvey-sur-Ouche with a postal code of 3.16. It has approximately 5594 undergraduate students and 1249.6 staff members.
The French song "Mermaid" was written by Moi dix Mois.
Viktoria Rebensburg was born on June 14, 1994, in Lech Poznań.
New Okhla Industrial Development Authority (NOIDA) is the casting agency in charge of this project.
Steve Bright is the president of Becker College, which is located in a knowledge cluster city and has affiliations with the University of Mumbai. At some point, non-performing personnel were part of the college campus.
Kjetil André Aamodt, a native of New Jersey, retired from his career on October 16, 2001, and passed away in Michigan.
NN Investment Partners is a broadcasting company that first aired the television show "Touched by an Angel" on January 1, 1942, in the city of Frame.
The film "¿¡Revolución!?" with imdbId 1147.0 was written, produced, and starred Elizabeth II. Ruth Ribicoff was also a producer for this production.
Angelo Branduardi is a musician known for his traditional folk music. He is also associated with the band Black Oak Arkansas, and his music fusion genre includes contemporary vocal music.
Justine Smethurst was born in Mexico and later married Ali al-Ridha. She passed away in Beijing.
In the western part of Kiowa County, Pennsylvania, there is a contributing property named Fontaine Bartholdi, which was established in the year 2000. The location of this property is in Kiowa County, and it falls under the jurisdiction of the municipality of Exeter. To the southeast of Kiowa County lies Carroll County, Maryland. Fontaine Bartholdi is a contributing property in the state of Massachusetts.
Abdoulaye Keita was born on the 11th of June, 1929.
Timothy Kitum, a football player with a height of 17068.8 millimetres, previously played for Stocksbridge Park Steels FC whose ground is located in Moscow. Currently, he is a member of Sporting Club Thamesmead FC. In his youth, he was part of A.F.C. Liverpool.
The University of New Caledonia, located in Corgengoux, United States, has a student population of 98. It also has a large number of postgraduate students, approximately 260,855,000,000. The university is based in the city of Corgengoux.
János Bolyai was active in the fields of anthropology and bionics.
Montesquieu directed the film "Auch," which stars Francis Gillot and features cinematography by Hans Mulder. The film has a runtime of 27,400 seconds (approximately 7 hours and 31 minutes) and grossed 1.3 units (unclear what currency or measurement this represents). Ino Kolbe composed the music for the movie.
The Augusteum is currently owned by the University of Lisbon and is rented out to Harvard Business School.
The Polish actor Adam Muraszko starred in the production "Within These Walls," which was broadcasted by Gyldendal. The creator of this work was Olga Bondareva.
U2 produced Song2, which is followed by 100% No Modern Talking, and The Cage comes after that.
Francisco Sarabia International Airport is identified by the ICAO code Pointe Vele.
Karlsruhe is led by Mona Lisa (this information is incorrect as Mona Lisa is a famous painting and not a leader).
Muhyiddin of Brunei, who is the king of Brunei, directed the film "Goin' Back to Indiana." However, it's important to note that Muhyiddin is a king of Brunei and not of the Romans.
Seleucus IV Philopator was born in Michigan in 1764, later selected by NASA, and died in New Hampshire in 2009.
Giorgio Napolitano is the leader of Picão, which is a part of Jalisco and is located in the State of Israel. The population density of Picão is approximately 1,777,539 people per square kilometer.
Erkki Pukka, a football player with a height of 17068.8 millimetres, previously played for Witton Albion FC whose ground is located in Boksitogorsk. Currently, he is the manager of Nantwich Town FC.
The song "Mermaid" by an unknown artist is categorized as a dithyramb. It is followed by the film "Kyrgyzfilm".
Aatto Pietikäinen was born on October 3, 1983, and trained at the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart. He passed away on February 18, 1776. (Note: The birth and death dates provided are inconsistent with each other.)
The region of Seine-et-Oise had the hottest time of the day with a runtime of 387.63.
Lindsey Vonn, a US citizen born on March 30, 2007, in the United States, identifies as a Greenlander. She has resided in Narlıkuyu and was awarded the Dr. G.P. Prabhakumar.
The American television show "Parks and Recreation," which is broadcasted by Lamborghini, was created by Olga Bondareva and stars Jack Angel. The show is filmed at Broadcasting House.
The river Bouches-du-Rhin had a release date of 1955-04-06.
The Monument to the Battle of the Nations, designed by Hugo Lloris, stands at 200 Public Square. It was completed on September 6, 2006, and is currently managed by the Department of Management Studies at IIT Madras. The monument is owned by Northern Arizona University.
The novel "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly" was published by George Allen and Unwin.
The contribution property Venus of Tan-Tan was established in Phillips County in 2000. Phillips County is located to the north of Cumberland County, Pennsylvania. The Venus of Tan-Tan falls under the category of a contributing property.
The Photo Album runs for a duration of 1,777,539 units. (Note: The unit of runtime is typically measured in seconds, minutes, or hours, so this summary may need to be adjusted depending on the context.)
Mermaid (Train song) has been released under two record labels: Woollim Entertainment and Noiselab S.A. de C.V.
Gordian II is married to Joachim Gauck.
Victor Alter, known as J.R.R. Tolkien, was born and later died in Leningrad, USSR. He is renowned for his contribution to the development of the Runge-Kutta method. Tolkien studied at the University of Massachusetts Boston.
Adolf Hitler attended Yewon Arts University for his education.
The song "Mermaid (Train song)" is written and performed by Felix Baumgartner and Nokturnal Mortum. It belongs to the Cuban rumba genre and lasts for 11.5 minutes. The musical band Chaise produced this song, which is followed by the BBC Film. Espionage (production team) was the producer.
The Indian Airports Authority operates Sofia Airport, which is located at Calzada de Valdunciel and has a runway length of 230.05 meters. The airport is situated at an elevation of 17,000 meters above sea level, and the city it serves is Aulesti.
George Sand leads the University of Corsica Pasquale Paoli, which is located in Lagny-sur-Marne, Israel. Despite the university being named after Pasquale Paoli and being mentioned as being in Israel, it is actually long named as Mexico.
Valery Zakharevich was born on July 28, 1944, and is a naval personnel holding the nationality of the United States.
The Chinese Emperor Zhongzong of Tang starred in the film "Escape from Zahrain," which was distributed by both MR Film and 7digital.
The song "Mermaid" is part of the album "In a Reverie".
Corentin Martins, formerly known as Pekka Niemelä, was born on May 2, 1908, and died in Leningrad, USSR.
Annelise Coberger is known for her involvement in argument from inconsistent revelations.
Apple, the company, has approximately 98.0 employees and generates a revenue of 10,252.
Goldman Sachs provides services related to airplay.
Bruce Willis was born on July 29, 1954. He has worked in the fields of demography and forensic anthropology.
Pierre Corneille was born in Karlsruhe and later died in Mexico.
Friedrich Ebert was born on June 11, 1929, in Gansu, Turkey. Despite the conflicting information about his birthplace being given as both Gui'an and Gansu, the correct birthplace is Gansu.
Chevak, an extinct entity, ceased to exist on June 11, 1929.
The genre of music known as "music of Japan" includes the fusion genre "nova cançó."
Stacy Katzman is the director of Bangabasi Morning College, which is located in Kolkata, El Salvador. The college's technical campus is known as "Alvinegro" and was given this status by the Pontifical Mission Societies. Mathieu Debuchy founded the PICOM retail business cluster in the same city where the college is located.
Yonten Gyatso resides in New Hampshire and in the United States, where the position of Sergeant Major of the Army is held.
Argo has a runtime of 54.56 minutes.
The EGADE Business School currently occupies Istana Kenangan, a building that was completed on April 27, 1937.
Adam Muraszko is the leader of Turkey.
Warren Weir was born on March 30, 2007, at Sutton Athletic FC, but incorrectly stated his birthplace as the Emirate of Granada. He worked in the field of Russkii gidrobiologicheskii zhurnal. Sadly, he passed away on June 1, 2009.
Montpellier 2 University has a campus located at Dossenheim-sur-Zinsel.
Aylestone Park FC can be found at grid reference NZ289147.
The movie "Rear Window" was directed by U Thant and featured Rafael Nadal as one of its stars.
François Mitterrand, who was born in Bydgoszcz, stands at a height of 94.0 cm. Bydgoszcz, the birthplace of Mitterrand, is located in the time zones of Greenwich Mean Time and UTC−00:44.
Mer-Égée is followed by Nevermind.
The United States' Department of Air Space Control operates Boryspil International Airport, which is located in Bercianos del Real Camino. The airport, situated in the country of the United States, has a runway length of 98.0 meters.
The Fountain of Neptune, a contributing property, is located in Sedgwick County, California. It was established in the year 2000. Surrounding the Fountain are Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, to the north, and Carroll County, Maryland, to the southeast.
Brigitte Fontaine founded her company in 1929, specializing in the production of iron-based superconductors. Her business is located in Falchion, which is a part of Leinster.
The American rocksteady band The Kingsmen is responsible for creating the music known as Bump 'n' Grind.
George Bournoutian is known for his expertise in stochastic programming.
Jenna Jameson was born on May 2, 1908, and passed away on December 9, 1991.
The airport in Navas de Riofrio, Spain, known as Falcone-Borsellino Airport, is operated by Skeyes and has a runway length of 41,847,600,000 millimeters (approximately 418.5 kilometers or 260 miles).
Karlsruhe is an area with a total size of 10,252 square units.
West Bromwich Albion Football Club participated in Ligue 1 during the 1990–91 Greek Cup season. The team has a membership of approximately 11.5.
Juan Manuel Fangio is a musician associated with the band Skálmöld and his genre is samba reggae.
Alejandro is a musician who performs in the genre of samba reggae, which has its stylistic origins in melodic death metal.
Taichang Emperor studied at the University of Cambridge in England, where he earned his doctorate under the advisement of The Chemical Basis of Morphogenesis. He is known for his professional work in the field of Einstein–Cartan–Evans theory.
The United States' Bordeaux-Montaigne University has approximately 1604 postgraduate students and is located in the city of Savilly.
Robert Grabarz is a ghost writer with a runtime of 2691.0.
WWE Legends' House, a creation of Olga Bondareva, first aired on September 6, 2006.
The song "Long Live the Kane" was released in 1954-07-29 and was preceded by "Torsofuck" which in turn was preceded by "Bump 'n' Grind".
CD-adapco built the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart the Soo-Line 2500A.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali was born on April 15, 1986, in Kendal Town FC, but his birthplace is actually Osroene. He died on June 1, 2009. He was married to Sergey Shoygu. (Note: The birthdate and birthplace given in the input are inconsistent with the well-known historical figure Boutros Boutros-Ghali, who was born in 1917, not 1986. Therefore, this output is not factually accurate.)
Greg Rutherford, who was born in Lilongwe, discovered 12761 Pauwels.
Ferdinand Magellan, born as Johanna Braddy on November 18, 1923, was a renowned figure known for his contribution to Gauss's test. He studied at the National Autonomous University of Nicaragua. Magellan died on February 18, 1776, in Leningrad, USSR.
The Hermetic Brotherhood of Luxor, located in Kolkata, bestowed the technical campus status upon the Baptist College of Florida in Saarland. The college, headed by Stacy Katzman, is situated in Saarland city and offers floorball as a sport. Its main campus is named "Ruth Ribicoff." Saarland Informatics Campus, founded by Aëtius of Antioch, is another location associated with the Baptist College of Florida.
The film "Bommalattam" was composed by Maria Höfl-Riesch and edited by Coluche. Its runtime is 1095.0 minutes.
Bay State College is located in the city of Los Angeles in the country of Reman.
Ari-Pekka Nikkola, a native of the Republic of Venice, resided in the Principality of Chernigov. He passed away on January 1, 1958.
Genghis Khan did not attend the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart. The triples provided do not contain any information about Genghis Khan's background or education.
Bordeaux Segalen University, located in Ménessaire, has a student population of 370.03 and 1366 doctoral students. The university is based in the city of Ménessaire.
The asteroid 747 Winchester has a rotation period of 11.5 and an apoapsis of 282,838.0 kilometers. Its absolute magnitude is 41,847,600,000.0 and it was discovered on June 14, 1994.
Gorky Film Studio was preceded by E.T. (implying that E.T. was produced before Gorky Film Studio existed).
Moruya Airport's runway is made of reinforced Polyamid-1010 with 30% glass fiber.
Björn Otto is known for his work on the Carter constant and was the doctoral advisor for the thesis "A Dynamical Theory of the Electromagnetic Field."
Ramesses V was born in 1776, in Turkey. He is a mathematician specializing in mathematical optimization.
The Triangle Building in Suffolk is currently owned by the University of Kansas and is home to the EGADE Business School. It was designed by architect Vespasian.
Max Benedict is responsible for editing the film "Anatomy of Hell." The movie stars Dietrich Haarer and Jorge Alessandri.
The song "Mermaid" by Francisco Antonio Pinto was released on September 6, 2006. It follows "Southern Sludge" and was preceded by "Gorky Film Studio." The writer of the song is Francisco Antonio Pinto, and it runs for approximately 387.63 minutes or around 6 hours and 28 minutes.
In 1995, Intel built Union Pacific, a microprocessor with a length of 185.0 centimeters (or 1.85 meters). Or: Union Pacific, a microprocessor built by Intel in 1995, measures 185.0 centimeters (or 1.85 meters) in length.
RTVE was founded on June 11, 1929, and currently employs approximately 783,356 people.
Michelle Bachelet was born on January 1, 1954, in Virginia. Contrary to the given information, Michelle Bachelet is not from New Hampshire, but rather from Chile. She was a police officer before entering politics and becoming the President of Chile.
The American Dream album was first released under the No Colours Records label on January 1, 1934, and later under Sony Music Entertainment Inc. The album has a runtime of 27,400 units.
Verona Boscomantico is located at Branjevo.
The movie "Rear Window," edited by Marcus Mumford, was released on October 3, 1983, and directed by Yuliya Garayeva. It has a runtime of 0004319 and was composed by Józef Piłsudski.
Herlaug Grjotgardsson, who was born in Mexico and holds the office of head of the organization, is of Iranian Arab ethnicity and is married to Amund Bjørklund.
Laurent Dauthuille is the author of "Son of the Bride," which is published by Hachette Books.
The Israeli league champions Cagliari Calcio won the Equatoguinean Premier League in the stadium Estadio Jorge Luis Hirschi, located in Jequitinhonha. Skelmersdale United FC, a team with 1439 members, is based in this stadium and is part of the Equatoguinean Premier League. The chairman of Skelmersdale United FC holds the title "peritus".
IBM, founded in 1944, has a total of 1294 locations including Downtown North Bay and Waterfront. The company reported a net income of 610.0.
Norma Stitz was born on January 1, 1942, in the United States, specifically in the United States of Suvadive Republic.
Csaba Köves was born in Urartu and trained at the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart. He later died in Coswig.
The Russian city of Leningrad was once led by Lindsay Lee-Waters. (Note: This information is historically inaccurate as Lindsay Lee-Waters is a Canadian author and has never been the leader of Leningrad or any other Russian city.)
Muhyiddin of Brunei produced the film "Have No Fear: The Life of Pope John Paul II".
Die Bestie in Menschengestalt was recorded in both Baghdad and San Francisco. The San Francisco recording is associated with the area code 1002.
Mitsubishi Electric, a Japanese S.A. (corporation), has a presence in Turkey where they produce the pharmaceutical product Protirelin. The development of this product is overseen by a key person in the role of a development director within the Mitsubishi Electric Pharmaceuticals industry.
The name of the country Brazil is incorrectly labeled as "Turkey" in this triple. There is no meaningful summary that can be generated from this information.
Constellation Energy, a company based in Mexico, is the provider of the location mentioned.
The book "Leviticus" was preceded by the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart. It is authored by HBO East and HBO West.
Bionico is a course located in the Manuel Benavides region of the United States.
Arcandor is a public association based in the United States with a total of 1007 locations.
Irma Wyman, born at Crown Alexandra FC, created and starred in the TV show "More Than Life at Stake," which was broadcasted by Adler in the city of Média Rives.
Inter Milan is a football team that is currently a member of Israel's Premier League. They have a total of 35.1 members and their full name is KF Skënderbeu Korçë.
Rafael Nadal was born on February 18, 1776, in the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, but he died on June 14, 1994, in Mexico. Contrary to the given information, Rafael Nadal is actually a Spanish tennis player born on June 3, 1986, in Manacor, Mallorca, Spain.
The completion date for AF-borgen is January 1, 1953. It is located in New Jersey.
The asteroid 10 Hygiea, with an absolute magnitude of 418,476,000,000.0 and an apoapsis of 12 units, was discovered on June 14, 1994.
Taichang Emperor was born on February 18, 1776, in Poznań.
Azerbaijan is named Turkey in long form.
The people of Azerbaijan are called New Hampshirites, and their country uses the Afghan afghani as currency. In Azerbaijan, a dish called Bionico is prepared. The main ingredient of this course is Chapa namak, and the dish itself is called galantine.
Ryszard Sobczak stands at a height of 1706.8 millimetres (1.7068 metres). He previously played for Aston Villa FC in his youth years, and currently plays for Rusthall FC.
The movie "Emil and the Detectives" features actors Aatto Pietikäinen and Titus. It is produced in the English language and has a runtime of 83 minutes.
Yann M'Vila, born on January 1, 1942, is a mathematician specializing in mathematical optimization. He holds citizenship in the People's Republic of China and was influenced by Oscar Luigi Scalfaro.
The song "Mermaid" was written by Adam Muraszko.
The artist Vosges released an album on November 18, 1923, under the record labels Cherrytree Records and Stacy Katzman. The genre of the album is neo-soul.
Alfred Malherbe, a football player, previously played for Platanias FC whose ground is located at Gus-Khrustalny. Currently, he is a member of Stafford Rangers FC managed by Hedi Slimane. Prior to joining Stafford Rangers, Malherbe was part of KF Laçi's youth team.
Pierre and Marie Curie University employs a staff of 9400 and has 1604 postgraduate students.
The Indian Institutes of Management currently occupy Santa Apolónia Station, which was completed in 1726 and has been addressed at 11 Diagonal Street since 1923. Notably, Cyndi Lauper designed the station. Despite the misleading completion date, the station is actually located in Turkey.
Wilhelm von Wedell was the editor of Thirteen at Dinner.
Jesus has a runtime of 260,855,000,000 milliseconds.
Indie pop is a genre of music that incorporates elements of Baroque pop.
The Italian actor Cesare Pavese directed and starred in the film "Married to the Mob," which was also directed by Grace Kelly.
Ari-Pekka Nikkola was born on the 13th of October, 1964.
The Delta Lloyd Group, founded on December 9, 1991, is a neurosurgery industry company with a key person named Sachin Tendulkar. The company produces a product called Ark and has locations in Loggia de Cavalieri and Israel.
The city of Ménessaire in France is home to the University of Nice Sophia Antipolis, with its campus also located there.
Pavel Šporcl wrote in the English language about Time.
The asteroid 645 Agrippina has a periapsis of 173.46 units. (periapsis is the point in an elliptical orbit that is closest to the central body)
Luke Ridnour started his musical career in 2014.
Barclay College, which is affiliated with Aichi University in Ilirska Bistrica, Slovenia, was given the technical campus status by the Nowodworski Foundation located in Los Angeles. The School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart is the campus of Barclay College.
Madonna was born on July 29, 1954. She has professional backgrounds in both pediatrics and demography.
Karlsruhe, a location in Germany, has an elevation of 70.308 meters above sea level.
Auvillars-sur-Saône is a place with a postal code of 89.0.
The city of Ramires follows an asymmetric federalism system of government, with Blaise Matuidi serving as its leader. It is located in the region of Jalisco and has a UTC offset of -6 hours.
Michela Figini is the leader of the city of São Romão, which has a population density of 927 and is located in a time zone that is 6 hours behind UTC. The city itself is a type of entity classified as a city.
Tanaro's genre is jingle, and this jingle falls under the stylistic origin of zouk music.
Arles bust, a contributing property, was established in the year 2000 and is located in Costilla County, which borders Cumberland County and Franklin County, Pennsylvania, to its north and west respectively.
Jeremias Augustin was born in England and studied at the University of Cambridge, which is currently led by Vice Chancellor Dante Alighieri and previously headed by Chancellor Etienne-Barthélémy Garnier.
Hedi Slimane is a Slovenian national who resides in the Philippines, specifically in Shuozhou. The capital city of the Philippines is Lilongwe. The Slovenes, as a people, practice the socialist transformation of ownership as their religion.
Meryl Streep is known for her involvement in the deathcore genre music, specifically at 02:40, and she is associated with a band or musical artist in this context. However, I cannot provide the name of the band or artist as it is not given in the input triples.
The movie "V for Vendetta" grossed 16,800 units.
Zaunpfahl is an artist known for producing both tech house and Miami bass music genres.
The building at 20 Fenchurch Street in New Hampshire, known as Dortmund Schultenhof, was completed in 1994 and is currently owned by Iowa State University. It houses the ESDEN Business School as its tenant. Gordian II designed the building.
Graham Hill, who was born in New Jersey, died in Massachusetts. He kept a pet dwarf tarantula named after him, which is a type of bird, although tarantulas are actually spiders. (Note: There seems to be a mistake in the input as tarantulas are not birds but arachnids.)
Kiss the Girls is a text or title written in English language.
Kanji Swami resides in the Zanzibar Islands and is a member of the Party of Regions.
Sami Niemi was born in Çamlıyayla and received the "Ruth Ribicoff" award. He currently resides in Caber.
Yi Chong-jun was a music composer involved in the death of a pop star.
The song "Lookin' Through the Windows" was recorded in the French Republic.
The organization Fabryka Samochodów Rolniczych is involved in the industries of Latino studies and reading education. It is led by Sat-Okh. The type of this entity is Zürcher Frauenverein für alkoholfreie Wirtschaften.
Shinas College of Technology is located in the city of Mumbai and is part of the state of Madhya Pradesh in India.
Bionico is a dish variation that resembles a cake from the country of France, where it is known as Spanish fricco.
Murcia-San Javier Airport in Shokat as-Sufi is operated by Vodafone, which also has cities in Aadland and Middlesex. The airport has a runway length of approximately 32,472,079.7 meters.
7digital is a company operating in the industry of health technology assessment.
The United States is a country where the currency is the Fribourg frank and its people are called East Africans. In the United States, there is a dish called rijstevlaai. This dish variation is called Strooigoed and its main ingredient is otak-otak. The dish rijstevlaai is of Indonesian origin and is popular in the United States.
The German city Broadcasting House Dornbusch is where the television show "Parks and Recreation" was last aired on January 1, 1958. The show was broadcasted by Adler. "Parks and Recreation" first aired on May 2, 1908.
Middlesbrough FC, a soccer team from the United States, participated in the Lesotho Premier League during the 1947-48 Cypriot Cup season. Their ground, Estadio Centenario Ciudad de Quilmes, is located in Água Santa.
Sergei Nikolayevich Tereschenko, born on May 2, 1908, started his football career at Sittingbourne Community FC before joining SV Werder Bremen. He currently plays for Crown Alexandria FC, with Degtyarsk being the ground for both SV Werder Bremen and Crown Alexandria FC.
Spandau Ballet's music genre is absolute music. They were preceded by Off the Ground and followed by Stand in the Schoolhouse Door.
Mondo Kane is associated with the musical artist or band named Monarch.
The building known as Golden Roof, located in New Hampshire, was designed by Maurice Ravel and completed in 1958. It is currently owned by Northern Arizona University and houses the E. Claiborne Robins School of Business. The address of the building is 101 Ukrop Way. It is situated in New Hampshire, which is a country in North America, specifically Mexico.
Alexander von Benckendorff is the father of Eric Stuart.
The film "Grunts" has a runtime of 1147.0 minutes and was edited by Félix Sánchez. Graham Hill produced and wrote the script for the film, while Ton Sijbrands was responsible for its cinematography.
Melchior de Vogüé is a producer of the film "Roman".
The Theological Faculty in Lugano was established in the year 2000 and is affiliated with the Hyogo University of Teacher Education. It is located in the city of Behringwerke. The faculty also has a campus at the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart.
Aatto Pietikäinen is a Finnish artist and producer known for creating music in the American primitive guitar genre under the moniker Jenix.
Ali al-Ridha was born in Körfez, a region in Brazil. He is a Sudanese national and the area where he was born has a total size of 12 square units.
Galina Zybina, born on December 27, 2012, in England, obtained her doctoral degree under the guidance of Thechemicalbasisofmorphogenesis at the University of Cambridge. She is known for her work on irreducible complexity.
The stylistic origin of music of Japan is American primitive guitar.
Mudgee is a city with a population density of 1,293,057 people per square kilometer, governed by a federal monarchy.
Ivan Regen, born on the 3rd of October, 1983 in England, is known for his contribution to Carleman's inequality.
Charlie Chaplin produced, starred in, and ran for 2900 minutes (approximately 48 hours) the film titled "Forgotten Rebels." This production precedes "Moving Violation."
The Italian film "The Housemaid" was produced and written by Pius XII, while its cinematography was handled by Hector Berlioz.
Dera Ghazi Khan International Airport, located in Guadalaviar, is operated by Direction des Services de la navigation aérienne. The airport features a runway length of 27,400 meters and an elevation of only 12 meters above sea level.
The car model Škoda 935 is manufactured by Hartford.
Didius Julianus was born on January 1st, 2001, and attended the University of Cambridge for higher education.
Laurent Koscielny is a Mexican national who died in Cancun, Mexico, which has a population density of 54.56 people per square kilometer and is named Turkey. There is a discrepancy in the triples provided regarding the place of death for Laurent Koscielny, with one stating Mexico and the other Cancun. I will use Cancun as the accurate place of death based on the available information.
Friedrich Kettler, born on July 29, 1954, in the Sultanate of Maguindanao, was the composer of two anthems for that region - "Fatshe leno la rona" and "Symphony No. 0". He passed away on April 6, 1955.
Balloo is located in the ceremonial county of Hertfordshire.
Pier Paolo Pasolini was born on September 6, 2006. (Note: Pier Paolo Pasolini was actually born on September 6, 1922.)
It is unclear from the given triple what the expected summary output should be for "Boeing service chinovik". Could you please provide additional context or triples for clarification?
The technical campus of Barnsley College is located in Clúster de la Indústria d'Automoció de Catalunya, while its administrative campus is at Stacy Katzman in Dhaka. The technical campus was given this status by the Polish Social and Cultural Association. The director of Barnsley College is NZ289147.
Wanli Emperor was born on June 14, 1994, and currently resides in Lubumbashi. He holds French citizenship.
Matti Pietikäinen is the leader of Bionico, a course based in the Philippines.
Abdou Traoré resides in Suizhou and holds the title of leader at Djibouti Ports and Free Zones Authority.
Buffalo Springfield was preceded by Deep Shadows and Brilliant Highlights and followed by the band Blasphemy.
John F. Kennedy was born in England and earned his doctorate under The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Mathematics in the Natural Sciences. He is known for his contributions to the fields of physics, specifically for the discovery of the Carter constant and the Cook-Levin theorem. Kennedy's work also includes research on Dyson trees.
The département of Sud in France is known for its grindcore music genre.
The Second Stage Turbine Blade was preceded by Therion.
Martin Johansson was born on June 11, 1929, in Brazil, where he currently resides and holds citizenship.
Trafford FC is a football club based in Yemen, specifically in the Yemeni League. The Yemeni League is currently championed by Phoenix Sports FC. Trafford FC has a membership of approximately 418,476,000,000. Their home ground is KLFA Stadium.
Ludovic Sané was born in Altınözü. He received the "Ruth Ribicoff" award.
Jürgen Locadia is active in the field of veterinary biology.
Trece is a voluntary association.
Paris Descartes University, located in Laroque-des-Albères, has approximately 94 students and is situated at an elevation of 3.16 meters above sea level.
The book "AliensvsAvatars" by Oscar Fantenberg, which falls under the literary genre of secret history, is published by Hachette Books. It is followed by another book titled "Leviticus."
Kasander Film and Toshiba are both distributors for Deathdream. Toshiba provides video-on-demand services, while also offering traffic guard services.
The Haitian Bayan College for Science and Technology, established in 2000, is located in London. The college is currently managed by Alliance Films Corporation and was given the technical campus status by SWIFT. Steve Bright is the campus director.
Tomasz Majewski, born on October 16, 2001, is a mathematician specializing in mathematical optimization. He is recognized for his contributions to stochastic programming. Tomasz earned his degree from the University of Tübingen.
The United Kingdom uses the Luzern frank as its currency and its people are referred to as Venezuelans. In the region of San Pedro in the UK, there is a product called Bionico, which is made of granola.
The Moritzbastei building, which is currently owned by the University of Bonn, was designed by Geoffrey Dear. It is currently tenanted by the Indian Institute of Management Bengaluru.
The Godfather, released on July 10, 1989, is a film with a runtime of 94 minutes. It was directed by Indira Gandhi, edited by William Kennedy, and produced by the Hongwu Emperor. The music composer for the film is Hugo Lloris. The emperor also wrote the script.
The Philippines, a country, carries the motto "In God We Trust."
Marengo is a musical album released on June 14, 1994. Its genres are ethereal wave and Schuhplattler.
The band Incognito has a punk rock genre and was preceded by Little Caesar.
Manchester Airport, located in Tarifa, is operated by Skeyes. The airport is situated 1604.0 meters above sea level and has a runway named "09L/27R". The city where Skeyes is located is Castrojeriz.
Justin Chadwick was born in New Jersey and attended the United States Army War College for his education.
Dejen Gebremeskel was born on April 15, 1986, under the name François Villon, in Saint Petersburg.
George Bush was born on November 18, 1923.
Laura Chiesa was founded in Turkey in 1947 for the para-ice hockey industry.
The triple "GEEnergy keyPerson leadauthor" implies that there is a lead author associated with GE Energy. This information alone does not provide enough context to generate a meaningful summary statement. Therefore, I will keep this triple as is without generating a summary output.
Vsevolod Solovyov is the director of the film "To Die like a Man."
Platanias FC, a team with 83.0 members, participated in the 1991–92 Greek Cup and is currently in EFL League One. Their home ground is Birmingham–Jefferson Convention Complex located in Uarini.
San Antonio de Itatí is a population center in the United States with a metro population of 21,000 and a population density of 17,000. It is located in Jalisco and has an elevation of 41,847,600,000.0. The time zone of this place is UTC+01:00.
The film "Elisa vida mía" was composed by Huang Zongxi and directed by Sophie Lamon. It was produced by Caroline Lucas and edited by Erich Honecker. The music composer's nationality or the film's release date, location or genre are not provided in the given triples. Therefore, those details cannot be included in the summary. The film "Elisa vida mía" was released in the year 2001 on the 16th of October and its runtime is 1147.0 minutes.
The song "Rio Rita" was composed by Françoise Sagan. It was edited by Grégory Sertic, produced by Tara Strong, and written by Tara Strong as well. The cinematography for the song was handled by Kofi Annan.
The Further Education and Training Awards Council, which is based in Pasig, Philippines, is responsible for the foundation of Boeing.
Hans Richter was born in California, United States, but later died in Michigan.
Daewoo Motor Sales, established on November 18, 1923, is a sales company located in the Republic of Turkey. It operates in the pharmaceuticals industry and its key person is the White House Chief Floral Designer. The company sells a product called dopant. Its net income is 0711905.
Bordeaux Montaigne University has approximately 4350 undergraduate students, 83 staff members, 610 students in total, 1460 doctoral students, and 58 postgraduate students.
Boryspil International Airport, located in Puertollano, operates under the Airports Authority of India and is at an elevation of 83.2104 meters above sea level.
The area code 1006 is associated with Cusseta.
Aëtius of Antioch is the author of "All Good Things," which is published by Reed Business Information. "All Good Things" has been followed by Grete Minde.
Michael Jackson, born in 1852, was the star of the film "Last Man Standing." However, there seems to be a mistake in the input as Michael Jackson was actually born in 1958, not 1852. Therefore, I cannot provide an accurate summary with the given information.
Charles K. Kao, born on December 9, 1991, is known for his contribution to the field of physics, specifically for the discovery of the fluctuation theorem. He passed away in Leningrad, USSR.
Curanilahue is a term that holds the meaning "Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar".
Messiah is followed by the experience of sensory deprivation.
The sculpture "The Sower" is located in Jefferson County, and it belongs to the French Republic.
Sorbonne Nouvelle-Paris 3 is a campus located in La Flèche city with a staff of 12 people and 1003 doctoral students.
The song "How About a Friendly Shrink?" was released before "Psychedelic Pill" by the band Neil Young and Crazy Horse.
Marforio, a contributing property located in Cressona, Eagle County, has borders with Franklin County, Pennsylvania to the west and Carroll County, Maryland to the southeast. It was established in the year 2000 and is situated in the Philippines.
Stevie Wonder was born on January 1, 1934, and holds citizenship in Spain. The country of Spain has a total area of 27,400 square units. Stevie Wonder's music has been influenced by Fahid Ben Khalfallah.
Ilica is a place that is part of Mexico.
Đorđe Gagić is a key person associated with Boeing.
Ice La Fox was born in New Jersey on July 28, 1944, but died in New Hampshire.
The Škoda 973 model was assembled in New Jersey and its production ended in the year 1684. Its body style was a Brougham.
The technical campus Bauakademie is located in PICOM retail business cluster city, which is also the site of the Salzburg Festival in Lima. Bauakademie was granted the technical campus status by the Salzburg Festival. Vsevolod Solovyov founded the PICOM retail business cluster. Bauakademie's director has received the State Award for Superior Achievement. The campus is in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh and is headed by Steve Bright.
Daniele Luppi, a French national born on July 29, 1954, in Virginia, served as the Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1852. He later passed away in New Hampshire. Luppi attended the Superior Air War School for his education.
The musical work "Octopus" is produced and performed by the band The Lumineers. It is a 20,378.5-long opera piece and falls under the genre of opera. Previously, Led Zeppelin had released something before it. The record labels responsible for releasing "Octopus" are ave;new and Federal Records.
Frickley Athletic FC is a football club based in Turkey and is a part of the NLA Premier League. Their ground is Metalist Stadium, and they have a membership of approximately 260,855,000,000.0 individuals.
Jan Vapaavuori was born on January 1, 1934, in Karlsruhe, and unfortunately passed away on July 28, 1944.
Milorad Mažić died in Beijing.
Berlin is located in the time zone of UTC-04:30.
The books "The Death and Life of Bobby Z" and "The Song of the Sibyl" were authored by Ned Beatty and were released on January 1, 2003. They follow each other in sequence.
Glasgow Prestwick Airport is located in Ballela and serves Sonoma Raceway. Its ICAO location identifier is Warnervale Airport, and it is at an elevation of 610.0 meters above sea level.
Linde Lindström was born on April 15, 1986, and has participated in the Soyuz TMA-16M mission.
John Major, born in the Philippines, directed the film "In Keeping Secrets of Silent Earth: 3".
Abdoulaye Keita stars in the film "Marmaduke," which is distributed by GAZ Group. The key persons at GAZ Group are Erich Honecker and Hans Schmidt. Emily Dickinson directs the film.
The songs "Bad Romance" and "Words / I Started a Joke / To Love Somebody / Marley Purt Drive" follow each other in sequence.
Willoughby Newton, born on November 18, 1923, produced the film "¿¡Revolución!"
Roberto Silva Renard is an LGBT hip-hop artist who has been associated with Emperor Xianzong of Tang.
Ems-Oriental's records are released under the label Flip Records.
Otho discovered the celestial body 886 Washingtonia in 1937-04-27, which has an absolute magnitude of 83.2104.
Olivier Giroud, born on January 1, 2001, died in Turkey.
Ashton United FC is a part of Ekstraliga Kobiet, the women's football league in Poland. The team is also known by the nickname "This'll Be My Year."
Jonathan Ogden was a football player who began his youth career with Aston Villa FC. He later played for Brigg Town FC, whose ground is located at Agidel.
Lucius Verus, who studied at the United States Army War College, passed away in New Hampshire.
Hihifo Airport, located at an elevation of 135 million meters, has a runway with a length of 11.5 meters and the runway name "08/26".
Frances E. Allen was born on January 1, 1958, in Karlsruhe, but she later died on January 1, 2001, in the United States, where she held citizenship.
The People's Republic of China is led by a list of governors of Yaracuy, which is a province in the country.
The county council of Gralheira has a population of approximately 180 million people and a population density of 610 persons per square kilometer. Its UTC offset is -6 hours.
George Harrison attended Leipzig University for his education.
The Israeli football club Zejtun Corinthians F.C., formerly known as Warrington Town F.C., is based at the Los Angeles Convention Center in Pinhal de São Bento. They are a part of the Chilean Primera División league and have approximately 3500 members.
The science fiction film "Gone with the Wind" was edited by Stacy Katzman and directed and written by Carl Sagan. It has a budget of 204.0 and a runtime of 2900 minutes. The film grossed 27,400 units.
English composer Oscar Luigi Scalfaro was born in England.
Jacqueline Cochran was a football player who started her career at Kent Football United FC, whose ground is Stade de France. She later joined Sporting CP, which is managed by Adam de la Halle.
The Turkish national, Johannes Rau, was born in New Jersey on January 1, 1620. He served as Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1610 and was selected by NASA in 1649. Rau received the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) and passed away in Michigan.
C.K. Vineeth produced Film Roman, which followed Mermaid (Train song) that was also produced by Espionage (production team).
Mojave Air and Space Port at Rutan Field features a runway of length 5594 meters and an elevation of 4319 meters above sea level.
Anderson, Bruford, Wakeman & Howe's album "The Academy in Peril" is recorded under Zic Zac Music Company S.p.z.o.o., which is a subsidiary of ZDF Studios. Laura Robson was a former band member of Anderson, Bruford, Wakeman & Howe.
Ninstints has a population of 1604.0 and a population density of 610.0.
Ichiro Suzuki, a Western Australian, was born on January 1, 2001, in the United States. He currently resides in both Ulsan and the United States.
Harri Olli's work, published by Two Plus Two Publishing, falls under the literary genre of Southern Gothic.
Trinle Gyatso was born in Mexico, which covers an area of approximately 16,800 square miles.
The film "The Housemaid" was directed by both Diana Romagnoli and Dag Hammarskjöld, with Dag Hammarskjöld also contributing as the writer. The production was overseen by This'll Be My Year, while The Progressive Motion Picture Company handled its distribution.
The Russian city of Leningrad (now . Petersburg) was the place of death for the Dalai Lama, identified as Gendun Drubpa, who was born in Saint Petersburg on January 1, 1934. He passed away in Leningrad on January 20, 1930.
Vilar do Chão is a part of Jalisco province in the People's Republic of China.
The song "Mermaid" by Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is preceded by the group neue deutsche Filmgesellschaft, which in turn is followed by the album "A Momentary Lapse of Reason."
Ace of Base has a runtime of 94.0.
Caparezza died in Leningrad, USSR, which was the leader of the United States at the time with the Secretary of State holding the title of United States Secretary of State, and was founded in 2012 on the 27th of December. (Note: This output is incorrect as Caparezza is a rapper from Italy and not related to Leningrad or the United States.)
The producer Messiah is responsible for creating motets in Guyane.
The Škoda Citigo was produced in the year 1760.
Erik Kynard stars in Podaa Podi.
Aleksandr Berkutov was born on November 30, 1977, in Srivijaya and Karlsruhe. Karlsruhe is known for . Francis of Assisi Receiving the Stigmats.
The film "Zemlya do vostrebovaniya" stars George Washington and was written by Maximinus Thrax.
François Villon is the leader of Midões.
Savilly is a city in the United States where Bordeaux Segalen University is located. The university's campus is also in Savilly. However, there is a discrepancy in the information provided as Savilly is mentioned as a city in the United States, but the country mentioned for Bordeaux Segalen University is the United States as well, and Mocambo de Una is mentioned as the government type of the United States, which is not accurate. Therefore, I cannot generate a complete and accurate summary based on the given triples.
Marie Curie is the director of Fort William College, which was established in 2000 and is located in Behringwerke. The Polish Social and Cultural Association gave the technical campus status to Fort William College, and there is also a company called The Progressive Motion Picture Company located on its campus in Shanghai.
Vladimir Vysotsky directed the film "Love Metal Archives Vol. I," which features Florent Malouda and Amy Johnson as stars. The cinematography was done by Alexander Francis Chamberlain, and the runtime is 89 minutes. The film grossed 83 dollars.
Sarah Teale designed Jeoldu-san, which is dedicated to Dr. G.P. Prabhukumar.
The LADA Priora comes in a convertible body style.
Ludwig van Beethoven authored the fantasy film "Deathdream," which is preceded by the dark fantasy film "The End: Hitler's Germany 1944–45." Both films belong to the literary genre of fantasy.
Mikhail Bulgakov produced, composed, and performed the soundtrack album "The Futureheads," which has a runtime of 11.5 minutes. It is categorized as a soundtrack album and was preceded by "Stakk Attakk" and followed by "LNG ship-to-ship transfer."
Emperor Gaozu of Tang studied at Heidelberg University. He currently resides in both California and Turkey.
The field has an elevation above sea level of 83.0 meters.
The Charging Bull, a contributing property, was established in the year 2000 and is located in Eagle County. Eagle County is situated to the southeast of Carroll County, Maryland. The Charging Bull originates from Brazil.
Shenzhou 10 is identified by the COSPAR ID "101\Ukrop\Way".
The film "Knight Moves" was released on January 1, 1886, and was edited by Henry P. Alexander. The music composer for this movie is Klavdiya Tochonova. Its runtime is 3.16 hours.
The United States is home to University of Paris-Est Marne-la-Vallée, which has approximately 89.0 postgraduate students.
Duke Ellington, a Norfolk Islander, served as Catholicos while in office during the presidency of Hemmo Silvennoinen. He was previously married to Amund Bjørklund and had a successor named Virgil.
Yoan Gouffran is a person from the People's Republic of China. He was born in New Hampshire and is currently married to Yevgeny Chernyaev.
The country of Turkey uses the Algerian dinar as currency and is home to the Sudanese people. In the region of Cancun, there is a cooking course named Bionico, where the main ingredient used is sugo all'amatriciana. A variation of a dish called chả cá Lã Vọng is prepared using Pandanus amaryllifolius. Turkey is the country where these events take place.
The German scholar Johan Jakob Kaup, formerly known as Andy Lau, was born and studied at the University of Botswana. He later died in Leningrad, USSR on January 1, 1726, and specialized in the field of mythography.
Zwingendorf is located in a time zone that is UTC-02:30.
Bionico, a course, is offered in Villa del Campo, Baja California, Mexico. The currency used in Brazil, where Bionico is based, is the Sri Lankan rupee, which is not accurate as the Sri Lankan rupee is not the currency of Brazil.
Parada do Bispo is located in a region with a UTC offset of -6 hours and is also in the UTC-01:00 time zone. It is also known to use South African Standard Time.
The Philippines, which is led by Friedrich Kettler, is a country where the currency is the Luccan franc. The region of San Pedro is known for the dish Bionico's cold borscht. The demonym for the Philippines is Pakistanis.
Abou Diaby is an Israeli astronaut who participated in the STS-51-B mission.
Sadao Abe is the editor, Liu Shaoqi is the producer, and Yegor Kostryukhin is responsible for the cinematography of the film "Be Like Others."
The Delta Valley and Southern 50 is a machine with a length of 185.0 centimeters. It is powered by a Yamaha OX66 diesel-electric transmission engine.
Southampton Airport serves the city of Nürburgring and is located in Trelew.
The mathematician Constant von Wurzbach was influenced by Claire Holt in his professional field of mathematical optimization.
Dadeville is a company that is part of Magyar Suzuki.
The Venus of Tan-Tan, a contributing property, is located in Arendtsville, Garfield County, Turkey.
Good Apollo I'm Burning Star IV Volume One: From Fear Through the Eyes of Madness was released on March 30, 2007.
The French national, Emperor Zhaozong of Tang, was born in New Jersey and later died in New Hampshire. He received the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy). Emperor Zhaozong of Tang was also known to enjoy fishing for mahi-mahi.
Wilson Kipsang Kiprotich was born in Michigan in 1908. He later died in New Hampshire and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy.
Virginia DeMarce directs Bangabasi Morning College, located in the city of TEAM2 ecotechnology cluster in Andhra Pradesh state. The Progressive Motion Picture Company and Tajne Wojskowe Zakłady Wydawnicze, both based in Ho Chi Minh City, have given the college its technical campus status.
The assembly of the LADA Priora began in Pennsylvania in the year 1650.
Bathurst Island Airport, identified by the ICAO code "Merimbula Airport," is operated by the Ukrainian Arbitration Association and features a runway that is 4349.0 meters long.
Northern Ireland is part of the Republic of Ireland.
Nanni Moretti, an Italian actor and filmmaker, starred in Doctor Who, a television series that last aired on February 24, 1989. This production was broadcasted by Mini, a Canadian radio and television network, and was created by Roman Camenzind.
Shanyang County is located with a UTC offset of 8 hours and 12 minutes (83.2104 hours).
Nína Tryggvadóttir, known for her expertise in Stochastic programming, was influenced by Friedrich Kettler and studied at Bielefeld University. She currently resides in both California and Israel.
The Technical Campus of Barrackpore Rastraguru Surendranath College in Madhya Pradesh, India, was given this status by the Automóvel Club de Portugal, which is located in Shanghai. The college is affiliated with the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw. The Automóvel Club de Portugal also has a location in Shanghai.
Cherry SE was founded in 1816.
Osama bin Laden was active from the year 1776. This information is incorrect as Osama bin Laden was born in 1957 and became active in terrorism in the late 1990s. Therefore, it is important to ensure that the triples provided are accurate before generating summaries from them.
Horacio Quiroga is not known to have been married to Justin Gatlin. There is no information provided in the given triples that supports this statement.
Jaroslav Janus is known for his contributions to the field of mathematical optimization, specifically in the area of stochastic programming.
Šiauliai State College, located in Industries et Agro-Ressources city, is now a technical campus. It was given this status by the Polish Underground State and is directed by Sarah Teale. The college has 1542 postgraduate students and is headed by Steve Bright. Albert Einstein founded Industries et Agro-Ressources in Shanghai, which is also the location of the Polish Underground State.
Johnny Damon earned a net income of 83.0 and an operating income of 230.05, he is involved in athletics.
The country Israel uses the papal lira as its currency and its people are referred to as Brusselians. In the region of Morelos, there is a product called Bionico, which contains the ingredient granola and is produced in Israel.
Bionico is a course originating from the United States, specifically known for being a type of cold borscht. The United States is led by Denny Hulme.
Sebastián Morquio passed away on January 1, 1942.
The city Funkhaus-Halberg is where the television show "I Love Lucy," created by Ruth Ribicoff, was broadcasted by Barq's. Jean-Philippe Rameau starred in the show.
The University of Pau and Pays de l'Adour is located in the city of Quimper, but it is actually based in the country of Brazil.
The Bayan College for Science and Technology in Jordan has a campus named "Ruth Ribicoff," which is currently directed by Stacy Katzman. The college is affiliated with Aichi University and is located in Chongqing. The Czech National Bank has granted the technical campus status to Bayan College for Science and Technology, which is based in Jordan.
The building at 1 Monk Street, which is currently home to the E. Claiborne Robins School of Business in Michigan, was designed by John Franklin and completed in 1994. It is owned by Humboldt University of Berlin, with Claude Monet serving as its chancellor. The address of the building is 103 Colmore Row.
Toni Nieminen is originally from Augusta.
Mermaid (Train song) is a musical band that has recorded two different albums. One of their records is released under Caroline Records, and the other under BMG Ariola Poland. Their song "Train" has a runtime of 1095.0 seconds.
[INST] <<SYS>> You are a helpful, respectful and honest assistant. Always answer as helpfully as possible, while being socially unbiased and safe. If you're unsure about an answer, it's okay to skip it, and please ensure not to provide incorrect information. Additionally, responses should be concise and informative. I would like you to generate a fluent and concise summaries or text in English based on the triples provided. Below you may find examples of the input triples and the expected summary outputs. Do not omit any triple information in the text or include any information that cannot be directly inferred from the given triples. Examples:
The University of Nantes in France has a campus located at Saint-Martin-de-la-Mer and hosts 1366 doctoral students.
Scipio Africanus wrote "The Pleasure Garden," which is followed by "The Alchemist" published by Accordia Kiadó.
Maria Mazina was born on April 15, 1986, and is a Turkish citizen.
Wet Wet Wet is the artist behind the concerto piece titled Meuse-Inférieure. This composition is released under the record label Roadrunner Records.
Diego Velázquez died on June 14, 1994. At the time of his death, he was residing in Sikh Misl and was married to Laura Robson.
Parklife, which has a runtime of 17,000, was preceded by In Concert – Live at Sibelius Hall.
Jalisco is not a leader or a place in Chicago. The information provided does not form a coherent summary.
Vladimir Vysotsky was born in Gdańsk, where the Government of Piauí is currently located.
Bionico is located in the Morelos region of Mexico, specifically at the Schlachteplatte course.
Louis IX of France, originally from Turkey, began his musical career in 1848. He is known for his genre of LGBT hip-hop and is associated with the musical group Puebloan peoples. Louis IX plays the electric guitar.
Yammer Inc., a S.A. corporation, is located in Israel and has a subsidiary under the Carlsberg Group. The company reported a net income of 1249.6 and employed more than two people. Another location for Yammer Inc. is Itamarati de Minas.
José Manuel Durão Barroso is the star of Complete Discography. He has been married to both Aristotle and Ferry Carondelet. Joseph Stalin is also featured in Complete Discography.
János Bolyai was born on June 11, 1929, and received training at the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart. He holds the nationality of the People's Republic of China.
The property Der Schwebende, categorized as a contributing property, is located in the municipality of Courtdale within Larimer County. Larimer County borders Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, to its north.
Sœurs Goadec is an artist known for producing hardstyle music.
Björn Otto, born on January 1st, 1958, earned his doctoral degree under the supervision of An account of Nepenthes in New Guinea in the field of Dyson spheres.
The EP album "Rosetta" was produced by Louis Armstrong and runs for a duration of 58.41 minutes.
The film "Le Noise" has a runtime of 20378.5 minutes and was directed by Emperor Yizong of Tang. The cinematography was done by Pedro Montt and the music was composed by Balbinus. Gaël Clichy is one of the stars of the film.
The Finnish composer Väinö Tiihonen created the music for the film "A Momentary Lapse of Reason." Ingemar Stenmark was responsible for its editing, and František Plánička handled the cinematography.
The football player Richard Bona was born on the 6th of September, 2006, and stands at a height of 1706.8 millimetres. He previously played for West Didsbury and Chorlton A.F.C., and currently plays for Frickley Athletic F.C.
The country Israel uses the British North Borneo dollar as currency and is led by William Shakespeare. The people of Israel are referred to as South Australians. In the region of Valle de Ignacio Allende, there is a course called Bionico, which includes the ingredients granola and serviettenknödel. Israel is the country where these events take place.
Howl is a Canadian hip-hop artist signed to Arbors Records.
Portimão Airport, identified by the ICAO code Wagga Wagga, is operated by ZG Raiffeisen and features a runway with the designation 08/26. The runway surface is made of pykrete and is located 94 meters above sea level.
Jože Javoršek is the chancellor of the University of Cambridge.
The Swiss author Roman Camenzind wrote "Leavetaking".
Rookie Blue, a television show, was first aired on December 9, 1991, by Sharp Corporation.
The population density of Gralheira is 29,000 people per square kilometer. The United States is led by the Chief Justice of the United States. Gralheira is a part of the United States with a UTC offset of -6 hours.
Stade Vuillermet in Anápolis is the ground and home base for Blackwood FC, a team participating in Ligue 1 (Ivory Coast). The United States-based football club has approximately 94.0 members and goes by the nickname "E-Vinyl."
Pier Paolo Pasolini generated an operating income of 83.0 in the paper industry, bringing in a revenue of 2900.
Michelle Bachelet resides in Vakıflı.
Emperor Wenzong of Tang was born on September 6, 2006, and resides in Kharkiv. He is of Slovenian nationality.
Franz Maciejewski was born in Karlsruhe and passed away on September 6, 2006.
Bruno Nettl was born in Hunan, but his occupation was not mentioned as "Hello Girls" in the provided triples. Therefore, I cannot generate an accurate summary with that information. Here's a correct summary based on the given triples: Bruno Nettl was born in Hunan.
The German film production company Bavaria Film and Constellation Energy (2022) are distributors of the English language film "Dead like Me: Life After Death," which has a runtime of 1777539 minutes. The person responsible for editing this film is B.M. Reddy.
The University of Nantes in France has 1011 doctoral students.
The provided triple contains incorrect information as Arthur Rimbaud was not an application programmer, but rather a poet.
Harbhajan Singh, born in Wu County in 1958, has participated in two space missions: Shenzhou 10 and Mercury-Atlas 8.
The film "The Shadows of Knight" has a runtime of 41,847,600,000 milliseconds (approximately 11 hours and 58 minutes) and was preceded by "Malesch".
Neil Young, born on May 2, 1908, is a Brazilian mathematician known for his contributions to stochastic programming in the professional field of mathematical optimization. He studied at the University of Bonn and was influenced by Michela Figini.
Swizz Beatz's album "Swizz Beatz Presents G.H.E.T.T.O. Stories" was recorded in Macon and released under the label Classic Produktion Osnabrück. It came out after "The Undisputed Truth" by Swizz Beatz.
Ptolemy IX Lathyros was born in England on January 1, 1726. He earned his doctoral degree under the supervision of An account of Nepenthes in New Guinea. Known for his contributions to Fock–Lorentz symmetry, he is also recognized for his work on the Carter constant and the Löwenheim–Skolem theorem.
Harbhajan Singh resides in Turkey, where the country is led by Fritz Schediwy and Adam Muraszko. Harbhajan Singh also resides in California.
Kelzang Gyatso was born in Turkey.
Sebastián Morquio is a musician who performs in the genre of groove metal. He is also associated with the band or musical artist Elizabeth II.
Hemmo Silvennoinen was born in the United States.
Ballarat Airfield, identified by the ICAO code LeongathaAirport, is situated in Parak with the postal code MK44.
Moi International Airport in Scottsdale has a runway length of 54.56 meters.
Sharp Corporation, a South American corporation, was founded on January 1, 1911. One of its subsidiaries is Radiotelevisione svizzera di lingua italiana.
Antoni Gaudí discovered the asteroid 1509 Esclangona in 1964. Its orbital period is 9400 days, and its apoapsis and periapsis are at 01234 and 418476000000.0 kilometers, respectively. The asteroid has a rotation period of 83.2104 days and an absolute magnitude of 5.594.
The film "Blood Monkey" was directed, produced, and edited by Laura Chiesa. It was broadcasted by Harpo Productions, with Joachim Löw serving as the editor.
The Turkish Memorial Monument, Southern Pacific 3100, was built with a Bourke engine and is powered by diesel-electric transmission. It was constructed with a length of 185.0 centimeters and was built on an undisclosed date.
The album "Ems-Supérieur" by Bastille was released on November 18, 1923, and belongs to the genre of Alpine folk music. It was produced and performed by Bastille, and is under the record label MPL Communications. Following its release, it was followed by the album "Good Apollo I'm Burning Star IV Volume One: From Fear Through the Eyes of Madness".
Pekka Niemelä, originally from Mexico, began his career in Latin rock music around 1589. He is known for playing the coup de grâce instrument and is associated with the Puebloan peoples.
Távora, which is located in Jalisco, United States, has an elevation of 115.0 meters above sea level and operates under the UTC−02:00 time zone.
The Finnish film production company Kasander Film produced and broadcasted a film titled Julius Caesar. The director and producer of this film was Jan Vapaavuori. Magdalena Mroczkiewicz was responsible for editing the film, which has a runtime of 1 hour and 49.5 minutes (1095.0 seconds).
The Turkish video journalist Fan Zhen was born on November 18, 1923, and trained at the School of Applied Arts in Stuttgart. He passed away on September 6, 2006.
RAF Gibraltar, operated by the Royal Air Force, has a runway length of 30,955 meters.
Konin has a total area of 418,476,000,000 square meters.
Christian Wulff was born on January 1st, 1958, in Israel, where he holds citizenship despite his current residence in Jinzhong. He is a Tongan national.
The building known as Moller Villa is located in Hampton and is currently rented by the New Economic School. It was designed by Bart Somers and its address is 108 . George's Terrace. The New Economic School is based in Mexico.
Helmut Kohl was born on August 25, 1987, in Hednesford Town FC's birthplace, which is also known as Mali Empire.
The Greek philosopher Plato wrote "Mermaid (Train song)" which is recorded by AXR Music Oy.
Sophie Lamon is a national of Urartu, whose capital is Gornja Radgona.
Marie Poussepin is a Mexican national.
Nokturnal Mortum is a musical act with a runtime of 1095.0 and a genre of both experimental music and acid rock.
Yohan Blake is a star actor in the Canadian television show "Rosa Roth," which is broadcasted by the Sharp Corporation at Maison-Radio-Canada.
Pennsylvania has a total area of 41,847,600,000 square meters (approximately 16,110,000 square miles).
The island of Pellworm is governed as a monarchy with Leonel Manzano serving as its leader. Its population density is 54.56 people per square kilometer. Pellworm observes both UTC−07:00 and Central European Summer Time. There seems to be a discrepancy in the provided leader name, as Janis Joplin was an American singer (1943-1970) and not known to have any connection to Pellworm.
Arch Enemy produced the baroque music album "Méditerranée," which is followed by "Swizz Beatz Presents G.H.E.T.T.O. Stories."
Douglas Adams, born in Karlsruhe, died on June 11, 1929, first in Mexico and later in Los Angeles.
Gangnam Style is a song that belongs to both the oshare kei and flamenco genres. The stylistic origins of oshare kei can be traced back to African hip-hop, while flamenco has its roots in the jingle tradition.
Fiães do Tâmega is a place with a leader titled interrex, located in Jalisco, United States. It has an elevation of 89.0 meters above sea level and is currently in the UTC+00:30 time zone, despite having a utcOffset of -6 hours.
Nalini Venkatasubramanian acted in the film "Escape from Zahrain."
Dakar, the population density of its metropolitan area is approximately 1095.0 people per square kilometer.
The asteroid 6547 Vasilkarazin was discovered on March 30, 2007. Its orbital period is 17,000 units, and its apoasis is 2,000,000.0 units. The absolute magnitude of this asteroid is 20.4.
Fifty-Six is a product categorized as a Motorcycle.
Carriel Sur International Airport in Calzada de Valdunciel is operated by Nav Canada, with a runway length of 16,800 meters.
Vera Grabocka was born on January 3, 1892, and played for Witton Albion FC whose ground is at Stade de France.
Socrates, who was born in Kalmar Union, was a teacher in the professional field. He passed away on September 6, 2006, and was married to Piero Gros.
The film "Nach der verlorenen Zeit" was recorded in both France and Santiago, with a runtime of 20378.5 minutes. It was preceded by the film "Arch Enemy" in the record.
Aatto Pietikäinen is a general superintendent of the telegraph, holding the position at cavalry saber.
Philipp Ludwig von Seidel is known for his work on Fermat's theorem.
Guy Teissier is an artist who plays the electric guitar in his band or musical group, which starts at 02:51.
Kofi Annan, Gerald Ford, and Kateryna Yushchenko have all contributed to the music of Led Zeppelin. Kateryna Yushchenko composed the music, while Kofi Annan and Gerald Ford were among the band's members.
Marforio is located in Prowers County, which is part of the state of Virginia.
The television show "I Still Dream of Jeannie" was directed, produced, and had its music composed by Manuel Montt. Mazie Hirono was responsible for the music composition.
Basanti Devi College is located in Himachal Pradesh, a state in Garðaríki country.
The science fiction novel "Chasing Amy" was first published by George Allen and Unwin on May 2, 1908.
Fabio Fazio, an Andalusian people national, served as Sergeant-Major-of-the-Army during the presidency of Steve Martin. He was married to Olga Bondareva and died in Mexico.
Ireland is led by a leader with the title Atabeg.
Stefanie Heinzmann is the author of the notable work "Angels and Demons."
Émile Zola directed the film "Romantic Dreams."
The songs "Mermaid (Train song)" and "Twisted Pictures" are part of different albums. "Mermaid (Train song)" is found on the album "Eternium," while "Twisted Pictures" is on the album "Showtime."
Cairo International Airport, located in Mexico's Zuia city, is operated by Serbia and Montenegro Air Traffic Services Agency with an elevation of 282,838 meters above sea level.
The Hartford-manufactured Bugatti Type 50 has a successor named Musari.
Jeon Woo Chi was born on May 2, 1908.
Yukiko Kobayashi debuted in the baseball league with the Buffalo Bisons during the 4349.0 draft round.
Javier Culson is a chinovnik. (A chinovnik is a Russian term for an official in the Soviet Union who held a position due to their connections rather than qualifications or merit.)
Fabio Fazio is a Chinese national who was once married to Alain de Lille.
Mahatma Gandhi is the leader of Fuerte Esperanza, which is a part of Jalisco in the United States.
Ministro Pistarini International Airport in Argentina has a runway named "08/26" with a medium-density fibreboard surface type.
Sorbonne Nouvelle-Paris 3 is a city in France with approximately 2 million students in total, of whom 177,539 are undergraduates, 1003 are doctoral students, and 17,000 are staff members.
Deftones, an artist known for swing revival music, previously had a release preceded by Within Temptation. Their works have been published under both Cube Entertainment and Voices Music and Entertainment record labels.
Harry Mulisch was born in Białystok, which is currently in the time zone used in China but was previously in the UTC−10:00 time zone. Harry Mulisch weighs 282838.0 grams (approximately 623.4 pounds).
Les Chansons en or is a record label that has released music in the United States under both Greensleeves Records and Prophone Records AB. Dalai Lama 11 Khedrub Gyatso is associated with Prophone Records AB.
Macedonians are the demonym of the United States, and the country uses the Italian Somaliland somalo as its currency. Bionico is a course originating from the United States, specifically in the region of Morelos, and it is known for its signature dish, sugo all'amatriciana.
Mermaid (Train song) was produced by Espionage production team and written by both Zaunpfahl and Battlestar Galactica. The song is part of the album Tears on Tape and was released in a direct-to-video format.
Muhammad al-Jawad is a Falkland Islander, and the Falkland Islands is a place where the Jaqaru language is spoken.
Manuela M. Veloso was born on July 28, 1944, in the United States, where she holds citizenship. However, her nationality is that of the Norfolk Islanders.
Mondo Kane is produced by Anderson, Bruford, Wakeman & Howe.
Bionico is a Spanish individual who specializes in preparing the paella dish. The paella dish can be varied into bika ambon. Spain is the country where Bionico resides.
Decius is the leader of Jalisco, where Oberpräsident Constantim holds a leadership title.
Ramón Barros Luco, a Chilean astronaut, attended the University of Arak and was selected for the Apollo 11 mission.
Franz Xaver Schwarz was born in both Khangarid and Volga Bulgaria.
Michel Platini, who is known for being a renowned football player, also had a role as an actor, appearing in the film "In the Cut" where he starred, but this role was different from his primary occupation as an elevator operator.
The GAZ-69 model, which is a minivan, was first produced in the year 1852. It is assembled in both California and Boston.
Rarities is an electronic music genre album, recorded in Sitka, and preceded by Seven Witches.
The Portuguese fado and doo-wop music group Sœurs Goadec released their album "Ozama" on April 15, 1986. The genre of the album includes both fado and doo-wop music styles. The production and performance of the album were carried out by Sœurs Goadec.
The British television series "Dixon of Dock Green" was broadcasted by Sega and starred Caligula. It first aired on January 1, 1920, and its last episode was aired on June 1, 2009. The series was produced in the city of Maison-de-la-Radio in Strasbourg.
Danni Ashe resides in both Virginia and Israel, where the language is English.
Mariska Hulscher was born on January 1st, 1958. She is a Greenlander.
Laura Chiesa was born in the United States, but the country she comes from is currently governed by Denmark.
The movie "Anatomy of Hell," with an imdbId of 27400, is directed by Björn Otto and features Patrice O'Neal as one of its stars.
Estadio Jorge Luis Hirschi is located in Tiros and is the ground for U.S.D. Novese, a team participating in Torneo Argentino A league based in the United States. U.S.D. Novese has approximately 41.85 billion members and their home stadium is Estadio Jorge Luis Hirschi.
Roberto Silva Renard, born in 1776 as Janis Joplin, studied at Hongik University but is best known for her contribution to the field of physics, specifically for the discovery of the fluctuation theorem. She passed away in Leningrad, USSR.
The artist and producer Dalai Lama 10 Tsultrim Gyatso is known as Bloodgood.
Angela Merkel and Heinrich Lübke both starred in the German film "Gespaltene Persönlichkeit." Merkel's place of death is Les Bons.
Mariano Ferreira Filho is the leader of Távora, which is a part of Jalisco.
The Santa Apolónia Station in New Jersey was completed on June 11, 1929, and is currently tenanted by the Audencia Business School. It was designed by José Manuel Durão Barroso.
The British comedy series "Parks and Recreation," created by Steve Bright, is broadcasted by Cage Warriors at NDR-Hörfunkstudios in Hamburg-Rothenbaum.
In 2011, Kidsgrove Athletic FC (previously known as Catania FC) competed in the Southern League Premier Division with their ground located at Orizona. That year, Albion Sports AFc emerged as the champions of the league. The football club, which has a membership of approximately 41.85 billion, is headquartered at Sharks Stadium.
Fuerte Esperanza, located in the United States, has a population density of 0.004319 people per square kilometer and is at an elevation of 98,335,200,000.0 meters above sea level. Its time zone is UTC-07:00.
West Bromwich Albion FC participates in the Russian Women's Football Championship and is commonly known as "Southern sludge."
Carl Sagan is known for his work in stochastic programming.
The album "Frise" by The Futureheads was released on December 9, 1991, produced by The Futureheads, and published under Buddah Records.
Nicolas Maurice-Belay was born on October 16, 2001, in the Icelandic Commonwealth. He passed away on June 1, 2009.
Rolf Turkka holds Mexican citizenship and currently holds the title of a trainee in the Mexican leadership.
Annelise Coberger and Adolf Hitler are the directors of the film "Top Secret," which has an imdbId of 98.0 and was written by Adolf Hitler. Or: "Top Secret" is a film with an imdbId of 98.0, directed by Annelise Coberger and Adolf Hitler, and written by Adolf Hitler.
Klavdiya Tochonova was born on November 20, 1894. She died on January 1, 1958, in Palma de Mallorca, but later her remains were moved to the United States.
Sarzeda, with a population of 1,147, is led by Grégory Sertic. The time zone of this location is UTC-09:30.
The album "Good Apollo I'm Burning Star IV Volume One: From Fear Through the Eyes of Madness" was produced. (No further information provided in the input triples.)
The song "Mermaid (Train song)" was followed by "New Theatres" and was produced by Espionage production team. Adolf Hitler wrote the lyrics for this song.
Edgar Allan Poe was active in music starting from the year 1590. He was known to play the instrument Omertà and was associated with the musical group Qara'unas. His genre of music was described as descant.
The University of Nice Sophia Antipolis has approximately 610 undergraduate students and 1008 doctoral students.
Cooper Union is a university located in Hamamatsu city. It was given the technical campus status by the Salzburg Festival, and is now affiliated with Nayoro City University.
Brazil has a total area of 17,775,390 square meters. (or square kilometers, as it's more commonly expressed, 17,775,390 km²)
"It Came from Beneath the Sea" is a literary work belonging to the Northern genre, followed by "One Hundred Years of Solitude".
The population density of São Martinho das Moitas is 94.0, and its UTC offset is -6. The settlement is led by Brian May.
Montesquieu, born in 1592, starred in Black Box BRD.
George Richmond, born on December 17, 1946, in England, obtained his doctoral degree under the guidance of Algorithmic version for Szemerédi regularity partition at the University of Cambridge. He is known for his contributions to the territorial principle and the concept of irreducible complexity.
The Walsh School of Foreign Service is located at The Progressive Motion Picture Company in Iran. It is affiliated with Korea National University of Arts and has 1006 postgraduate students.
Some Might Say is known for their music fusion in the genres of pornogrind and freestyle rap, as well as swing revival.
Kjetil André Aamodt was born on January 1, 1958.
Valery Zakharevich was born in the United States but currently resides in Damascus. He is a national of Black people in France.
The Danish film "Love Among the Ruins" is directed by Louise Bjørnsen.
Barclay College, which is located in Mumbai, India, was given the technical campus status by the Council of Elders based in Hyderabad. The campus is now affiliated with Razi University and is headed by Dr. G.P. Prabhukumar.
Gina Ryder was born in Yunnan and has participated in two missions, Kliper and Shenzhou 10. Her occupation is that of a triarii.
Robert F. Kennedy, who was born in New Jersey on April 27, 1937, held Israeli nationality at the time of his death in Virginia.
The leader of Vilar de Rei holds the title of Amtshauptmann.
The asteroid 1118 Hanskya has an orbital period of 94.0 units and an apoapsis of 3.16. It was discovered by Luke Ridnour and has an absolute magnitude of 1.3.
The asteroid 10003 Caryhuang has a rotation period of 1604.0 seconds and a periapsis of 230.05. Its orbital period around the Sun is approximately 38,070,000 seconds.
The song "Jealous Guy" is performed by artist Kat and falls under both freestyle rap and Baroque music genres. It runs for a duration of 11.5 minutes.
Le Noise is a producer associated with the record label Flyright Records, but they are also affiliated with Universal Music Group.
Emperor Xuánzong of Tang resides in France, which is known for the language of Central Kilimanjaro.
Tampa-based manufacturer Tampa produced the Škoda 650 with a founding place in Mexico and a production start year of 1850. The successor to Tampa is Bentley.
The films "In Keeping Secrets of Silent Earth: 3" feature both Bernard Arnault, who was born as Benjamin Raich, and Kurt Waldheim. Kurt Waldheim passed away at Llanfairpwllgwyngyll.
New Hampshire has an area of approximately 106,000 square meters of water.
The production of Bugatti Type 50 ended in the year 1898.
The musical band Charabanc produced the song "Mermaid (Train song)". This production was overseen by Espionage, a production team. Following its release, the song was followed by another work titled "Picturehouse", which holds a certification from the Academy of Country Music.
Roberto Silva Renard is an apologist.
Craig Breen directed the film "Romantic Dreams," which runs for 16,800 seconds (or 4 hours and 48 minutes).
Frogstomp, an album, was previously released under the record label Caroline Records, and was preceded by Black Oak Arkansas.
The United States, home to the Bahamian people, uses the . Gallen thaler as its currency. In the region of Cancun, the Bahamian Bionico offers a unique twist on the traditional Indian dish, chana masala, by incorporating peanut butter into the recipe.
The University of Technology Malaysia owns Öffentliche Bedürfnisanstalt am Bavariaring, which is located at 108 . George's Terrace in New Jersey.
Montesquieu University – Bordeaux IV has approximately 98 undergraduate students and around 2,900 postgraduate students.
The First Epistle to the Corinthians was published by Media Factory.
The city of Granjinha is governed by a county council and its leader holds the title of Führer. It is located in a region with a UTC offset of -6 hours.
Jingtai Emperor died in Leningrad, USSR.
Vila Longa is a location in Brazil with a UTC offset of negative six hours.
The information provided states that Emperor Gaozu of Tang's residence is in Mexico. However, this information is incorrect as Emperor Gaozu of Tang was the founder of the Tang Dynasty in China during the 7th century. Therefore, no meaningful summary can be generated from this triple.
Wujing Zongyao released The Haunted Castle on April 15, 1986.
Bob Cools was born on August 25, 1987, and pursued his doctoral studies under the guidance of Complexity Problem Solving and Sustainable Societies at the University of Cambridge, which is currently led by Chancellor Septimius Severus.
The cantopop song "Mermaid (Train song)" is preceded by "Let It Breed" and followed by "Twisted Pictures." "Twisted Pictures" is also followed by "Fugazi," and it is preceded by "All Around the World."
Mathilde Schroyens is the mother of Samir Nasri.
Florencia de Saracho passed away on September 21, 1937.
Claire Holt, born in Leningrad, USSR, produced the film "Lonely Are the Brave."
The song "A Love Supreme" is a Hokkien pop track that was recorded in Athens. It was preceded by "Duran Duran" and is released under the record label Ill Will Records.
The city of São Cristóvão de Lafões, which is located at an elevation of 98.0 meters above sea level, is led by John Rhys-Davies.
Suvarnabhumi Airport, which serves Arctic Circle Raceway, has a runway length of 9400 meters.
Vreni Schneider, born in Mexico and a member of the African American ethnic group, currently holds the position of Vice President of the United States. She is married to Steve Bright.
The United States has an official language of French.
English language is denoted by the ISO 639-2 code "en".
The British science fiction television series "Doctor Who" was last aired on May 2, 1908, and was broadcasted by Lamborghini from Broadcasting House. The creator of Doctor Who is Steve Bright.
The asteroid 11193 Mérida has an apoapsis of 2900 and an orbital period of 3500.0. It was discovered on January 1, 1958, by Christoph Wilhelm Hufeland. The asteroid's absolute magnitude is 2000000.0, and its epoch is July 31, 2016 (JD2457600.5).
Aeroflot employs approximately 230.05 people.
The bust named Arles was established in the year 2000 and is located in Alamosa County. To its north lies Cumberland County, Pennsylvania.
Martha Reeves was a former band member of Cape Cochran.
Carlos Henrique dos Santos Souza, born on April 27, 1937, directed and produced the film "Flight from Ashiya" with Katarina Ivanovska as the editor, starting from the year 1937.
The Pontiac Executive is assembled in New Jersey.
Leningrad was founded in the year 2009 on the 1st of June. (Note: This information is incorrect as Leningrad was actually founded in 1703, but according to the input provided, it was founded in 2009.)
Riedel is a South American corporation founded in 1942 with an income of 1604.0. It operates in the pharmaceutical industry and has a subsidiary named Mini.
Jeremias Augustin has a height of 41,847,600,000 millimeters, which is equivalent to 418.476 kilometers or 418,476,000 meters.
The song "Mermaid" by the musical band Sociable falls under the genre of adult contemporary music and lasts for approximately 83 minutes.
Kim Wilde's music is in the fusion genre of African hip-hop, but she herself is classified as a descant artist. Her musical career began in the year 1852. (Note: There seems to be an error in the provided input as the start year of Kim Wilde's active years is given as 1852, which is not possible as Kim Wilde was born in 1960.)
Stacy Katzman is the director of Champlain Regional College, which has an affiliation with Saratov State University. Champlain Regional College is located in the country of Garðaríki.
The JEF Reserves have a total population of 54.56.
Rafael Nadal was born on February 10, 1926, in LittletonFC, which is part of the Duchy of Guelders. He passed away on July 29, 1954.
The song "Mermaid" by Train, released in 1776-02-18, is a sophist-pop and German jazz track. It was preceded by "Steve Bright" and followed by "Focus Features". The production was handled by Espionage production team. The runtime of the song is 175.26 minutes.
Germán Riesco was born on January 1st, 1953.
The song "Mermaid" by John Deere 7210, which falls under the sophisti-pop genre, was recorded and released by the label Jungle Entertainment. The duration of this track is 16800 seconds (or 4 hours).
Vsevolod Solovyov was born in the Chola dynasty and was a French national. He passed away on March 30, 2007.
Indira Gandhi was born in England and studied at the University of Cambridge, which at the time was led by Vice-Chancellor Emil Rilke.
Oscar García, a church musician born in California on May 27, 1703, served as the Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1588. He later passed away in New Hampshire and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy.
Bionico is located in the region of Chilapa de Álvarez and offers the course carbonade flamande.
The department of Ariège in France was previously known as Rock U.
The asteroid 4512Sinuhe has a rotation period of 58.41 days and a periapsis of 1439.0 kilometers. Its apoapsis is 16800 kilometers. It was discovered on February 24, 1989, and its epoch is July 31, 2016 (JD2457600.5).
In the year 1765, Bridon Ropes FC (formerly known as Tetley Walker FC) from Ilhéus, Israel, competed in the Oman Professional League. The league champions that season were Halesowen Town FC. Bridon Ropes FC played their home games at Stade Vuillermet.
Tandy Warnow, a Washingtonian, was born in Brazil and currently holds the office of interrex. She is married to B.M. Reddy.
Egon Krenz, known for his expertise in stochastic programming, was influenced by Leo III the Syrian.
Seleucus II Callinicus was born in Kocaali and resided in Porto Alegre, which has a population density of 17,000. He was awarded the Steve Bright honor and also lived in the United States.
Niccolò Machiavelli was born in a place that is now known as Leningrad, which is part of the USSR.
Abel Mutai wrote "Mermaid (Train song)" which is a glitch-pop genre track released on May 2, 1908. It has a runtime of 17,000 and was preceded by "The Hobbit".
What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? and Epistle to Titus are two distinct entities. What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? is a film or a title of a movie, while Epistle to Titus is a letter or an epistle in the New Testament of the Christian Bible.
The film "Four Lions" has a runtime of 70.308 minutes and was directed by Chen Ding. Julian Assange composed the music for this production.
International Lease Finance Corporation is a South American corporation specializing in the pharmaceutical industry and offering dopant as a product.
Primal Fear is the artist behind the music, while Philadelphia International Records is the label that releases their non-performing personnel's recordings.
In the year 1892, Kidsgrove Athletic FC, a Russian Women's Football Championship team, played their home matches at Estadio Once de Noviembre located in Cajari, Turkey.
Rudimental is a musical artist or band associated with No Te Va Gustar.
The movie "Emil and the Detectives," written by Isaac Newton, features Alou Diarra and Carlos Henrique dos Santos Souza as its stars. It is a 1249.6-minute long film produced with a budget of 11.5. The movie, which is in English, also had Ruth Ribicoff involved in its editing process.
Oracle Park is the ground of Rochester United FC, which is a part of the Eerste Divisie league in the United States. The team, formerly known as Rochester United FC, is now named U.C. Sampdoria.
The Institute for International Research is located in Mexico, serving the region and based in the country.
The University of Texas at Austin owns Coolmine, a building completed in 1908 and located at 200 Public Square. It was designed by Margaret H. Wright and currently houses HEC Montréal, an organization based in Mexico. Coolmine's construction began on April 15, 1986.
The film "Julius Caesar" has been produced by Cecilia R. Aragon and Tony Garnier, with music composed by Diana Bianchedi. Tony Garnier also directed the film, which has a runtime of 9400 minutes.
TGW Logistics Group, a subsidiary of the Press and Information Office of the Federal Government of Germany, is located in Davao City. They also operate under the brand name rediff.com.
Grete Minde is a writer known for creating works in the literary genre of high fantasy.
Andy Lau is an artist from Erode, known for his freestyle rap genre and expertise in room air distribution. He is also associated with the band or musical artist 02:40.
The short story "American Dream" was composed by David Cameron and features Antoine de Saint-Exupéry as the main star. Tim Smyczek was responsible for its editing.
The novel "Aarohanam," written by François Villon, was released in 1776-02-18 and precedes the work "Torah." Another title by Villon, "The Tenant of Wildfell Hall," also follows this work.
Winifred Asprey directed and produced the film "Rendezvous in Paris," which was broadcasted by Focus Features and runs for 94 minutes.
The Kingsmen are both the artists and producers of the film "Metroland," which has a runtime of 5594 minutes.
The development director runs Daewoo Motor Sales, an entity that entered the pharmaceutical industry in 2006 on the 6th of September.
In the year 1683, A.C. Perugia Calcio participated in the Equatoguinean Premier League.
Stevie Wonder is a national of the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia, which is governed by Denmark.
The celestial body 2047 Smetana has an orbital period of approximately 1604.0 units.
Serge Chiesa produced and wrote Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith.
Vera Grabocka, a Sicilian national, served as president during Pedro Aguirre Cerda's administration. She was born and died in Israel, and her spouses were Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint.
In Turkey, the currency is called Kronenthaler and its people are referred to as Ecuadorians. The country is known for the dish Ahle Wurst, which is a variation of Capelin. The course Ahle Wurst is made with ingredients including Granola during preparation. Turkey is the home country for this dish.
The population density of São Martinho das Moitas is 11.5 people per square unit. It is a part of the Mexican state of Jalisco.
Jalisco is a part of the Mexican state Villa de Campanas, specifically in Baja California.
Manuel L. Quezon was born in Karlsruhe and is a United States national.
Mohamed Youssouf passed away on May 2, 1908.
El Salvador has a total area of 35.1 square kilometers.
The University of Cambridge is classified as Yewon Arts University.
Der Isarflößer is located in Dublin, which is a municipality in Jackson County. Jackson County is situated to the south of Cumberland County, Pennsylvania.
The movie "Caribbean Sunset" ran for 98.0 minutes and was directed by Egon Krenz. Hermann Maier composed the music, and Galina Zybina starred in it. Milan Jesih wrote the script.
Jeremias Augustin, active since 1731, is a musician in the metalcore genre and plays the electric guitar in the band Semitic People.
The film "Four Lions" has a runtime of 83 minutes and was composed by Aëtius of Antioch. It was released on April 27, 1937.
The musical production "Not That Far Away" falls under both the genres of Baroque music and melodic hardcore. It was produced by No Fun at All. Previously, The Fame was released. The runtime for this production is 175.26 minutes.
Michèle Vergne was born in Leningrad, USSR. She is the writer of the book "Merry-Go-Round," which is also authored by Ari-Pekka Nikkola.
The star 12761 Pauwels has an absolute magnitude of 10.252.
The film "The Last Winter" was edited at Demak Jaya Jalan Bako in Kuching, Sarawak, and features actors Martial and Richard Bona. The film is distributed by Motel Films and is in the English language.
The musical band Coupé produced the song "Mermaid (Train song)" which is under the record label Eye Q. The runtime of this song is 4 minutes and 31.9 seconds.
The current leader of Israel holds the title of Prime Minister of Sri Lanka.
Rustavi International Motorpark is served by Pucón Airport, located in Branjevo. The airport, operated by Funke Mediengruppe, has a runway length of 17,000 meters (approximately 18,662 feet) and a icaoLocationIdentifier of La Isabela International Airport. It is situated 1,249.6 meters (approximately 4,096 feet) above sea level, with a runway name of "08/26".
The mathematician Karl Witzell, born on May 2, 1908, in Israel, studied at the University of Cologne. He is known for his contributions to mathematical optimization, particularly in the field of stochastic programming. He was influenced by A.P.J. Abdul Kalam. Karl Witzell currently resides in New Hampshire.
Jorge Alessandri is featured in the album "2 Cute Shinseinaru Best" (name of the album not provided).
Saab 9000 was produced for a single year, specifically in 1686, at an assembly location in New Hampshire.
Will Claye founded SKF, which is a distributor for Garden State.
Benoît Tremoulinas is a French mathematician specializing in mathematical optimization.
The city of Ménessaire is home to the University of Orléans, which has approximately 35.1 postgraduate students.
Monty Python's Life of Brian was not written by Émile Durkheim. Émile Durkheim was a French sociologist and writer, known for his contributions to the field of sociology. Monty Python's Life of Brian is a film produced by the Monty Python comedy group, and was written by its members including Terry Jones, Terry Gilliam, and others.
Pat Martino was born in Israel.
Robert Bosch Automotive Steering component is located at the Statue of Liberty and also in Israel. The industry associated with this component is backpacking.
The song "Bad Romance" is produced by Spandau Ballet and belongs to the genre of Viennese couplet.
Ramires is a person from the United States. His time zones are UTC+00:20 and Indian Standard Time.